Sunny Savita: Hi, everyone, I'm audible.
Sunny Savita: Can you confirm the chat? If you can hear me, then?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so let's start with the session.
Sunny Savita: yeah, perfect guys. So can you hear me? Am I audible and visible?
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you. Good morning.
Sunny Savita: So let's begin. Let's start with the session. 1st of all. Okay? Just give me a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, can you see my screen guys?
Sunny Savita: Yes or not?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, perfect. So I think the screen is visible.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, great.
Sunny Savita: So yesterday's class excel was not attached. So yeah, so I shared this one later on with my team today, most probably you will find out this entire notes. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So I written some sort of a thing over the Excel row. And don't worry, guys. This entire notes and all everything would be available inside the resource section I already share with my team.
Sunny Savita: Even I share the recline dot txt, and in the recline dot txt there was like nothing, Major. Modules. Okay, even I share in the chat as well, but required dot txt is also available. So 1st of all, let me show you the
Sunny Savita: let me show you guys the
Sunny Savita: resources. Okay? So I'm opening my resource. I'm opening my dashboard.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment. Okay.
Sunny Savita: you can change that couple that setting. Now, like how to modify the zoom and all. See it is not in my hand. It is only in your system while you are opening a zoom inside your system for watching a lecture. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Still, it is loading for me. Give me a moment. Let me open it again. Okay.
Sunny Savita: guys for me only, or it is taking time for everyone.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: yeah, it's taking time now. Means I think it is down. I hope, yeah. Now I'm I can open it so I can check with the preview.
Sunny Savita: And this is the one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this was the last lecture guys. So inside the the resource section.
Sunny Savita: Recondo, tht, is there?
Sunny Savita: Okay, vector, database guys required or txt is available. Now, here, see this one
Sunny Savita: who was asking about the recurrent dot txt. I think I already shared the requirement. Dot txt. Can you see over here? Yes or no, this one.
Sunny Savita: and along with the requirement of txt. All that.
Sunny Savita: along with the Recondo txt, all the file and folder is available.
Sunny Savita: and even the Transcript and all everything. So, guys, please download the resources from here and this would be available. I already share with my team this excited raw canva. So this would be available inside the resource section. Okay, don't worry about it perfect. Now. It is clear how you will get the resources and all
Sunny Savita: Vaishna be saying, I cannot see Vaishnabi. Please check out with the dashboard. Okay, I think you get it. I I think you got a access of the dashboard. Just check inside the resource section of it. Open the dashboard and you will find out this kind of layout, this kind of a ui. Just go and check with your session. Okay, the last session and then resource section inside the last session of the last session. Okay, you will get all the resources
Sunny Savita: guys. Can you give me a quick confirmation, if everything is fine from the previous session. Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: please do let me know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Yes, and I believe everyone is having access of the dashboard. Right?
Sunny Savita: If you don't have access of dashboard, see? It's not possible. If you will enroll in the course, if you will enroll in the course, you will get access of the dashboard. Okay, so please check out with the website. Learn dot case 9 dot academy in the live courses. You will find out your course, and you can navigate to the dashboard, and you can check all the resources and all everything
Sunny Savita: understood. Good. Now, so let me talk about the agent now, because yesterday I started with the vector database crystal was discussing some sort of a land chain concept. And then I started with a vector database. And yesterday I completed one vector database. That was the files.
Sunny Savita: If you have attended my previous session there, I already discuss about the files. Okay? So I written a code in my Vs code itself. And I hope so, you all have this entire code and file everything. So guys this was the code, right? Regarding the files and all. And we have created a rag. Okay, we have designed the complete rag pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Now in today's class. We're gonna discuss about one more database. And we'll try to discuss couple of theoretical concept. With respect to this vector, database like, what is a in a memory database. What is a cloud based database? What is the advantage and the disadvantage of it each and everything. We'll try to discuss over here inside this particular session. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So let me show you the agenda. Let me write the agenda. Okay? And sameer, what's your doubt, Samir? Just a second. I'm giving you the access. You can talk with me. I cannot understand where you are lagging. Just a second Samir Kumar.
Sunny Savita: And guys see whatever doubts and all you have. Okay? So all the doubts I'll be taking in between means after completing the topic or at the end of the session. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. Sameer, what's your doubt?
sameer kumar: Where is this dashboard? I'm not able to see. Where is this? I've been asking for this link since last.
Sunny Savita: Which what you are not able to see, the dashboard and all everything right.
sameer kumar: Right. That's the course.
Sunny Savita: I'm adding in a panelist, Okay, share your screen quickly, I'll I'll show you that. Okay, guys, please give me 2 min. I think sameer is in very big trouble. So let me fix that. Yes, sameer, I'm adding in a panelist, okay.
Sunny Savita: just a second
Sunny Savita: guys, just 2 min. Okay, I required only 2 min. Let me fix that issue. Okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: Yes. Okay. Please share your screen. I I stopped my sharing. Okay, you guys should.
Sunny Savita: You can adjust the screen. Now, yeah, I think you can do that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, open your dashboard, go with the courses. Click on the course.
sameer kumar: Right.
Sunny Savita: Click on the port, sir. Ports?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, open this course.
Sunny Savita: Hmm! Now continue.
Sunny Savita: Hmm! Scroll down.
sameer kumar: Okay, got you.
Sunny Savita: Now, what is the issue, sir? Here, tell me.
sameer kumar: Nothing.
sameer kumar: I was asking for the URL where to go. I was not able to find this.
Sunny Savita: It's very easy, like, simply, you can navigate to the dashboard and all everything right. What I told you I just shown you that like 2 to 3 like click. Only right?
Sunny Savita: If you're not able to do this much of things, or how you will develop a code in the application.
sameer kumar: Sorry, sorry, sir. Sorry, sorry.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine, good guys. So now let's start. Let's begin. So I am going to share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment, guys.
Sunny Savita: great, perfect, and I think Chris has already shown you this entire thing right in the demo session. In the 1st session itself, Chris and the Mona, and even Paul has shown the entire ecosystem. I don't know guys, what you are doing. Why you are asking this solicitly doubts and question and
Sunny Savita: disturbing a session perfect. So now, without wasting your time, let's begin.
Sunny Savita: So
Sunny Savita: I think yesterday I discussed the files. Now let me create one more folder inside this vector database folder itself. Okay, so guys, I'm going to create one more folder, folder name is going to be pine code. So we'll discuss one more database, and the database name would be pine code. Okay? And I want a confirmation, the chat. How many people are doing along with me? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Okay. If you are able to match a speed, then you can write. Otherwise you can wait. Once I will share the code. Once I will share the file then you can take that code, and you can like, execute inside your own system right now. So, guys, I created one more folder over here, and the folder name is what find code. Now, inside this particular folder, I'm going to create one more file, and the file name is going to be code dot, IP, bin, okay.
Sunny Savita: support door. IP, 1, b.
Sunny Savita: so here, guys, what I did, I created this code dot. Ipynb, let it create.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now, guys, after creating a file, what I will do, what is my 1st job after creating any Ipmb file to select a kernel? Okay? And always guys, you have to select the right kernel and see how you will get a right kernel.
Sunny Savita: You already have created an environment inside your local folder. Okay? So you always always have to select this particular kernel, the kernel from this folder. Okay, now, once you will click on the select automatically, this path will pop up at the 1st place itself. Okay, so please, right, please choose a right kernel. Otherwise you might guess you might get a dependency issues.
Sunny Savita: So once I will select the kernel. Okay, then, what I will do. I'll open my code cell and we'll check everything is working fine or not. So I will write my printed statement. And then, okay.
Sunny Savita: no sequence. If everything is fine, I'll be able to get my answer. So guys create a new file inside this file itself. We are going to write a further code for the pine cone and all.
Sunny Savita: And guys again, I'm saying, whatever doubts you have. You can ask me later on, because it is very difficult to answer a doubt while I'm teaching. So 1st let me teach my concept, and then I can clarify your doubts. Fine or not.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. I close the chat. Okay, no one can talk with each other as of now. I disable the chat. Okay, you can only discuss with me. Great now. Here you can see the output. Means my code file is working fine. But before starting with the session. Guys, I would like to discuss the architecture of the rag. Do you know the architecture of the rag? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Yesterday I showed you the architecture of the right. Okay, let's try to revise that architecture. So here, guys, for all of you, I created the architecture. Okay, so let me open it over here. Can you see this architecture, guys, is it visible to all of you?
Sunny Savita: This one?
Sunny Savita: Okay, perfect.
Sunny Savita: Good.
Sunny Savita: So whenever we're talking about the rag. Okay? So inside the rag guys what we do, we have a 3 stages of the rag. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So the 1st stage of the rag itself is called the data ingestion. So in the data ingestion, what we do, we collect our data from the variety of the sources. Okay, so this, our sources could be anything the sources could be any document. The sources could be any database. Okay, the sources, any could be any web page. It could be anything. So here, guys, this is my data source. As you can see, right?
Sunny Savita: So after collecting a data, what we do after collecting a data, we always store our data inside the vector database. Now, why we use vector database? Can anyone answer for this question, why we store the why we use the vector database
Sunny Savita: so that we can perform the vector related operation. Okay, so whenever we talk about the vector database guys, so we always discuss the vector database with respect to the vector based operation. Now, the very important vector based operation
Sunny Savita: vector based operation is what the very important vector based operation is the
Sunny Savita: tell me, guys, what is, what is that? It is a
Sunny Savita: similarity search to find out a similarity search between 2. Vector, okay, so let me write over here, vector
Sunny Savita: based operation.
Sunny Savita: right? So we always collect the data from the different different data sources. Now, did this data source could be anything
Sunny Savita: anything. Okay? And after collecting, if required, we perform the chunking.
Sunny Savita: You know the chunking strategy.
Sunny Savita: yes or no. Tell me we have shown you the chunking strategy using the link
Sunny Savita: already discussed, the checking strategy, using the link chain, the different different checking strategy we have shown you after the checking guys, what we do, we perform the embedding. So have we discussed about the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Did we discuss about the embedding? Yes or no? Tell me, yes.
Sunny Savita: yes, we perform the embedding right? So once we'll collect the data. So once we collect the data different from the different different document. After that, we perform the chunky. Okay? And after the chunky we collect, we create the embedding, but sometimes chunking is not required. In that case we can skip the chunking part. We can directly embed the data, we can directly embed the our document. Okay? And we can store inside the vector database.
Sunny Savita: So tell me, guys, yesterday, I discussed about the vector database. So do we have a different different type of vector database, yes, or
Sunny Savita: different different type, if different. Different type means some of some database. They only support in the local. Okay, some database. They only support over the cloud.
Sunny Savita: Right? Some database are good for the multimodal data. Some database are good for the text data, right? So there is a different different vendor. You will find out vendors. You will find out with respect to the database, or I would say there is a different different organization you will get with respect to the different different database. So should we learn all the databases.
Sunny Savita: Should we go through with each and every databases guys. No, it is even not possible for us right? It is not possible for us. So how we how to select a best database.
Sunny Savita: So first, st we can learn some fundamental regarding the vector, databases and all why it is being used and where it is being used. And then, basically based on the requirement. Okay, based on the some research analysis and all, we can figure out the best database. I will discuss couple of name in today's session so that you will get a more clarity over here. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so we have a different different database. Some of the database support of the local, some some of the database only support in the local, some of the for the cloud. Okay, there is a different different vendor and the organization. You will find out regarding the databases, I hope, till here, everything is fine. Now.
Sunny Savita: so guys, the next thing is, once we store the data inside the vector database. Okay, from any sort of a data resource. So this stage is called, what can anyone tell me yesterday? Only I discuss about that. The 1st stage is called what the 1st stage itself is called the data
Sunny Savita: ingestion.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So the 1st stage is called data ingestion in the data ingestion. What we do, we store the data.
Sunny Savita: we store the data inside the vector, database. Now, after the data ingestion, what happens? Tell me. So after the data ingestion guys, the retriever happens. Okay, so let's let's assume if there is a user.
Sunny Savita: See here, you can see the user if the user is asking any query, okay. So instead of asking, instead of asking Llm, instead of going through this query directly to the Llm, first, st it will go through the vector, database.
Sunny Savita: Right? So here my user is asking a query, this query is going through the embedding. Okay? And then this embedding will come to the vector database. Now, here, what will happen? Guys tell me, once the embedding will come to the vector. Database here, vector. Operation will be performed. Agree or not.
Sunny Savita: Agree or not. Tell me here, vector operation will be performed. So guys, once, we'll perform the vector operations like the similarity search. And all, okay, then we'll retrieve the data. Agree, guys, do we retrieve the data? Now, here, we can retrieve
Sunny Savita: K number of chunks. Okay, so K, is equal to KK. Is equal to could be anything. 3, 4, 5, 1015. Yesterday I shown you the value of the K. It is a hyper parameter. Well, it is a hyper parameter. Only so once my user will ask the question, this question will go through with a vector database. It will perform some vector operation like the similarity search. Okay, ss, means, what guys tell me, ss, means, similarity search. Right?
Sunny Savita: After performing a similarity search, we'll get the data, the relevant data. Okay. Now, this relevant data. This retrieve data
Sunny Savita: along with the query and the prompt will pass to the Llm.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, after passing it to the Llm. Llm. Will think about it. Okay, what have been asked inside the question, what is the prompt? Okay, what have been written inside the prompt? What is the retrieve data? Okay. It will try to understand each and every context on each and every context. Okay, so from the given retrieve data and all, okay, the query have been asked, and the prompt have been written and based on the analysis, it will generate the final output.
Sunny Savita: final output.
Sunny Savita: Now, tell me, guys, is this clear? The rag architecture is clear or not.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Did you like are you able to understand the complete drag architecture
Sunny Savita: in my previous session? Also I discussed that. Now here, I just given you the quick refreshment.
Sunny Savita: Got it?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, good. Please explain the Llm part again. So llm what it will. It will do. Llm, basically, it will take the retrieve data from the vector. Database. It will take a query, and it will take a prompt okay and based on that, it will generate the answer if you don't know about it. Who is asking this question? So please check out with my previous session there I already discuss in terms of practical as well. Okay.
Sunny Savita: this is clear. Great. Thank you. What does Llm. Do? Llm. Actually generate the answer right? So Llm will generate the final answer based on the given input, so whatever input is being given to the Llm based on that particular, input it's being, it is going to be. Generate the final answer. That's why you like role of the Llm. Okay.
Sunny Savita: great, perfect, it is clear.
Sunny Savita: Like, does no, here we are not doing a here. We are just providing some context to the Llm.
Sunny Savita: Great guys perfect. I think this is already clear. And yesterday also, I discuss about it, and even I shown you the practical. If you haven't attended the previous session, guys, I would suggest you please go and check with the previous session. Most of the thing is going to be clear. Okay, regarding this rag architecture. Now, so guys, one question, okay, one question to all of you. Why we use the vector, database.
Sunny Savita: Why, we use the vector, database
Sunny Savita: to retrieve the data correct. Now, you are able to answer a question. You are able to answer my question. Okay, so tell me, guys, where we use the vector, database
Sunny Savita: where we use the vector, database.
Sunny Savita: do we use the vector database in a rag architecture while we are retrieving a data or while we are ingesting a data, yes or no
Sunny Savita: during the injection and during the retrieval. We use the vector database. Okay? So I will share this architecture with all of you in the resource section itself. Later on you can go through with this entire architecture. Okay? Or else you can try to like you. You can try. You try to draw it from yourself as well, so it will give you the more clear cut understanding. Now, guys, there is couple of more concept which I capped over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, can you see this one? Is it visible this, entire notes and all. So we'll discuss each and everything today. Okay.
Sunny Savita: see? Guys, I am not ignoring anyone's message. Please, guys, please, okay, please understand, there are lots of message. Okay, if I am going to take your each and every message, it is very difficult for me to teach. Please understand guys. Right? So first, st let me teach. That's why we kept a separate doubt session.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so while I'm teaching, I cannot answer even no one can answer. Even Chris, sir, cannot answer. Okay, so upfront guys, I'm telling to you, please don't offend. Whenever, like I'm teaching, let me teach later on. I'll take a question if I'm not able to take. In that case you can ask me in a doubt session. We kept the separate doubt session for all of you. Okay, I'm here till 2, 2 o'clock till 3 o'clock.
Sunny Savita: even till 4 o'clock, until unless I'm not going to solve your doubt. So please, guys, please let me teach in my flow. Later on I'll take your doubts. Okay, please.
Sunny Savita: So guys here, I capped a couple of things. But before coming to that. Okay, let's try to set up the fine phone database how to do that. Let me show you that part. So I believe, guys, you all have this code and all everything, yes or no. This one
Sunny Savita: previous code. I hope you have downloaded inside your folder. Okay, so couple of thing would be required from the previous code itself. What would be required? We required the embedding model. Okay, so let me do one thing, guys, let me take a embedding model from my previous code itself.
Sunny Savita: So, guys, open your previous file. The file files this one. The file from the files did file file from the files. Folder. Okay, and copy this embedding model from there. So let me do one thing.
Sunny Savita: So let me
Sunny Savita: copy this embedding model. So in the previous class, I was using this hugging face embedding model. You can utilize anyone any any model whether it's a Google embedding, hugging face, embedding or open a embedding like. We have shown you all the ways how to configure the different different embedding model. Right? So what I'm doing guys. I'm going to take this code. And I'm going to paste inside
Sunny Savita: my file. Okay, so this is my pinecone file. And here I'm going to paste. Now along with it, guys, I'm going to paste couple of more things. So I'm going to paste this
Sunny Savita: this import statement as well. Okay.
Sunny Savita: and what I will do, guys, I'll load the variable.
Sunny Savita: So so load the dot. Nv variable. I'm pasting over here. And then, guys, what I'm doing here, I'm going to take this Hf token.
Sunny Savita: So this code would be required to me for running the today's code as well. Okay, because the embedding model is required. We are going to store the embedding inside the vector database. And yes, for sure, this embedding would be required from anywhere, either from the hugging face or from the open AI or from any other platform. Okay, so have you taken this code? Yes or no. May I know in the chat.
Sunny Savita: Yes. User query also will be sent over there. If you if you will check with my previous session, then you will get that. Okay.
Sunny Savita: perfect guys. So tell me.
Sunny Savita: you have copied the code. That's fine. Now let me do one thing. Let me load the model at the 1st place. So I already capped my all the keys and all everything. Guys. See here my Openai key, Google, Api key, Grock Key, Hf. Token.
Sunny Savita: And I believe you all have this key inside the dot env file. Okay, if you don't have guys, please generate a key and please keep inside your dot. Env file. Otherwise you won't be able to execute your code. So here I kept my all, the all the keys and all. Now let me do one thing, let me
Sunny Savita: load my embedding model at least so once I will execute this code. Okay, so after executing this code, I'll get my embedding model.
Sunny Savita: So check your bill tonight. You have shown all our key. Yeah. Later on I'll delete that. Okay, so even that Openai key I'll delete after the session itself.
Sunny Savita: No worries about that.
Sunny Savita: No, guys. Don't worry about me. I'll delete all the key, whatever key have shown you now over here.
Sunny Savita: But yeah, I'm not going to share that
Sunny Savita: copy the code. Great great guys, can we save embedding model the local as we don't have to load all the time? Yes, see, whenever you are going to be load a model from the hugging face. Now, automatically, it's going to be saved inside the cache itself.
Sunny Savita: or we can load, using the hugging face. Api as well. That is also possible. Maybe in the upcoming session I'll show you. But if you are saying like to save it over here. That is also doable. Okay, you can save it. Using the hugging face. A snapshot. Just run the command, hugging face snapshot, and you will be able to save your model.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can use any embedding model. If you have open a embedding, you can use that.
Sunny Savita: Agniba. Whatever doubts you have, we can discuss it later on. Okay.
Sunny Savita: great, great. So I caught my embedding model here. You can see I'm able to load my embedding model. Now, what I will do. I'll take this embedding model. Okay? And I'll call one method on top of it. So embedding dot
Sunny Savita: ambit query, so this the code or the entire code, basically regarding the embedding and all, we are already written inside the previous file itself. So let me open that. Okay, so here, guys, there was a method embed query. So whenever I'll give any sort of a query to this particular method, it will give me a embedding. So here I'm simply writing this. Hello, AI, let's see whether it is working or not.
Sunny Savita: Yes, guys. So I'm able to generate my embedding. So this is a redundant step. I already did it in my previous session. Now let me check the length of this embedding. So guys tell me what was the length of this hugging face embedding model.
Sunny Savita: Can anyone ping in the chat.
Sunny Savita: I think? Yesterday we have already discussed about it. So the length of it is
Sunny Savita: 3 84. Okay, so let me execute it and see the length is 384. So, guys would you like to configure the Google embedding? Also, should I shown you that.
Sunny Savita: apart from this hugging face?
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Sunny Savita: okay, let me do one thing. Let me configure the Google Embedding also. So I'm giving you the code for that, and to configure the Google Embedding. Okay.
Sunny Savita: what you will have to do. Let me show you.
Sunny Savita: So I already kept the code with me, I can share inside the chat. Okay, if you can copy copy. Otherwise, do one thing, try to ride along with me. So, guys, I can give you 1 min of time. You can write this one from a Langchain Google generative, AI Google generative AI embedding and use this model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, use this model. Now for this one also, you require the Api key. Now, which Api key is required. You require the Google, Jimny Api key or Google Api key. Okay, so let me show you how you can get the Google Api key. 1st of all, tell me, guys, is this clear or not.
Sunny Savita: Is this one clear?
Sunny Savita: If you're not able to call a copy from the chat as of now, forget about it. Do one thing. Try to write from here. Try to write from the cell itself. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Ty will show you how to get the Api key from the Google itself.
Sunny Savita: I already generated mine. Let me show you that
Sunny Savita: this is mine. Google Api Key, I'll show you how to generate this Google Api key. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Is it done? Can you give me a quick confirmation on the chat? If you are done, then.
Sunny Savita: sir, your open. A key is being exposed. It is a longer text. Okay, so whatever you can see over here now, it is a half of the key only.
Sunny Savita: so you cannot copy. If you are going to be copy this night is not going to work at all.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: once you are done, please do let me know.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. Now I hope everyone is able to write it. So let me show you the dimension of this embedding model. So how to check the dimension of this embedding model? Simply, I will write embed query, okay, and I'll give the same sentence.
Sunny Savita: So let me write. Hello, AI over here. Hello, AI! So it will give me the dimension. Let me check. Yes, it is giving me that. It is giving me a vector. Actually. Now let me check the dimension of it. So how to do that I simply need to check out the length of it. So I can give this particular like the embed query inside the length function.
Sunny Savita: and let's check out the length. So the length of it, guys, it is 7, 68. Okay, so this model is generating a embedding with a 7, 68 of dimension.
Sunny Savita: How many numbers is there inside this particular list? Tell me, 7, 68 numbers. So this this particular sentence is being shown as a 7, 68 dimension. Okay, there is a 7, 68 feature which is representing to this particular. Tell me sentence, it is a sentence embedding. Now, tell me, guys, yesterday, when we were playing with the open AI, right? So what was the size of the dimension? What was the size of the vector
Sunny Savita: the size of the vector was 1 0 2, 4, okay, up to the 3,000. If you will go and check with our open AI large embedding model. The size will be around 3 k, okay, more than that. 3, 0 6, 8 or 3 0 2, 4. You can check out the exact size.
Sunny Savita: Now, this is clear how to load the Google model. So one more thing is spending. Let me show you how to generate a Google Api key. Okay, so we're generating a Google Api key.
Sunny Savita: You need to search 1st of all, open your Google.
Sunny Savita: open your Google days.
Sunny Savita: Have you opened a browser. Yes or no. No. Right over the browser Google.
Sunny Savita: Api, T.
Sunny Savita: The once you will write this Google Api key. Okay, automatically, it will give you the option for generating that. See this, this is the website. So what you can do you can go through with this website if you're not able to figure out by writing this Google Api key, you can write Google AI studio. Okay? With that, also. With that, also, you will be getting a same platform. Now, once you will get it. Now just click on this console page. Go to the
Sunny Savita: credential page or this console page. Okay. Now, once you will go through with this page.
Sunny Savita: So let it open.
Sunny Savita: Now, over here, guys, see my 1st project. Project. You can see this project and all. Now just click on. Okay, let me do one thing, I think it is directly redirecting to me.
Sunny Savita: To the
Sunny Savita: Google, comes this one Gcp itself. So let me write Google AI studio instead of that. So here, I'm writing Google AI studio.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, wait. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Guys, instead of the Google Api keynote, right? Google, AI studio or wait. I'm giving you the link of it. Yeah. So, guys, here, you can see
Sunny Savita: here, I can generate my Google Api, I'm giving you the link instead of the chat. Once you got it, please let me know.
Sunny Savita: Did you get it? Did you get the key? Sorry did you hit a link.
Sunny Savita: See over here.
Sunny Savita: What it is showing to you. Google AI studio. It is a Google AI studio guys. Okay, through the Google AI studio. You can generate a key.
Sunny Savita: Did you get it or not? Please give me a quick confirmation, so that I can show you the further process.
Sunny Savita: Great. Now, after opening this one, you just need to click on this create Api key. Okay, so once you will click on this, create Api key, it will ask you about the project.
Sunny Savita: So once you go click on this search. Now, automatically, you will find out one project. Okay, automatically, you'll find out one project.
Sunny Savita: Now select the project, if the project is not available, create the new one. Right? So this is my project. Generative links in client. Let's say I'm going to select this particular project, the existing project itself, and then click on this, create Api key in the existing project. If the project is not available. In that case what you can do, you can create a 1, and then you can generate. See? Can you see my key? Yes or no? Is it visible to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Now, using this particular key, using this particular key, what you can do, you can access the
Sunny Savita: Gemini based model.
Sunny Savita: But, guys, again, it is not free. This will this will give you only 15 days of access, I think 10 to 15 days of access. You can check it out. But this is this could be one of the option. We don't want to use those open source model like Llama deep seek and all. So Google could be one of the choice for you. Okay, it will generate a better answer compared
Sunny Savita: open source model.
Sunny Savita: great, perfect. Now let's do one thing, guys, let's try to
Sunny Savita: start with the pinecone setup. I hope you got the key and all everything. So 1st of all, if we want to like configure the pinecone. We required couple of more thing. Okay? So we'll have to create a pinecone client. So for creating a pinecone client, let me import the pine cone. If you don't have pinecone guys inside your system, you will have to download that. Okay. So here I'm writing
Sunny Savita: from okay guys right along with me, I'm writing today. I'm going very, very slow. Okay, you can do along with me. So here I'm going to write from pine cone. Okay.
Sunny Savita: import
Sunny Savita: PIN code right and then execute it. Guys, if you don't have this particular package, so you will have to install that right. See? It is saying pine cone is not available inside my
Sunny Savita: environment. Okay, so how to install this pine code? It is very, very easy. So let me give you a couple of package. Which sorry. Let me give you the name. The 1st name, basically guys Langchin. The second name is Langchin Pine Cone. Okay, this both you will have to be installed. There's both package Langchin and the lengthen pine cone. So what I'm doing I'm just going to keep this particular package where inside my requirement txt.
Sunny Savita: So here, let me keep it, guys inside my recontxt. I think you already have a link chain. So land chain is not required to you, which I believe so just required one package. That is link chain, hyphen, pinecone. Okay, so guys here, what I'm doing. I'm going to write. Pip installed.
Sunny Savita: hit, install.
Sunny Savita: And then copy this link, chain, pinecone. Okay, as of now don't run again the requirement txt. It will take a time again to recheck the entire package and all. So better, you can download the package individually. Okay, that would be a great choice. So if you're going to install the single package, you can download it individually, also through the console itself.
Sunny Savita: So right click, install PIN code and then run it, guys. So after doing it, see, my PIN code is getting installed inside the current virtual environment. Are you doing this thing or not? Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: and how the session is going on?
Sunny Savita: Do? Are. Are you liking the session, guys? Yes or no? Tell me you you can mention the chat. If you are able to install the package and all everything.
Sunny Savita: You haven't enabled the virtual environment it was already enabled for me. Here, see this one
Sunny Savita: great, perfect. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So here, guys, what I did. I installed the pinecone package. Now, after installing pinecone, I can again check whether I'm able to import it or not.
Sunny Savita: So here, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Let me re-execute this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so I'm able to import it.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, is it fine for all of you? Are you able to import this one or not
Sunny Savita: check out with the correct this one environment.
Sunny Savita: Are you installing in a current environment or not? Sarat Kumar, Saratkar? Okay.
Sunny Savita: great. So we are able to import the pinecone. And I hope so. This is clear to all of you. Now what we have to do after installing the pinecone guys. So, after installing a pinecone, we have to create a client. Okay, we have to create a client for the pinecone. So how to do that. Let me show you that part as well. Now for creating a client guys, we require the Api key. Okay, so first, st I'm going to do one thing I'm going to write over here. PC. Equal to.
Sunny Savita: And here I will write pinecone. Okay? And what I will provide. I'll provide my Api key over here. Which Api key pinecone Api key. Now, how I will get this pinecone Api key. So for that, guys what I will do. I'll take this pinecone Api key from the dot env itself. So here I'm writing. OS, dot
Sunny Savita: get env, and I'm going to write Mike key name pine corn.
Sunny Savita: Underscore Api
Sunny Savita: underscore key. Okay, so guys tell me once I will execute this one. Will I be able to get my Api key? Tell me, yes or no? No, I will not be able to get my Api key because I haven't capped inside the dot env file. So 1st of all, what I will have to do, guys tell me so I will have to keep my Api key inside the dot env. So let me show you how to generate a key Api key from the pine cone itself.
Sunny Savita: So for that. You will have to open your browser guys and over the browser again open your
Sunny Savita: search engine. And right over here. Pinecone. Api key. Okay. Pinecone.
Sunny Savita: Api key. Now, once you will write this fine cone Api key. Okay, you will get an option for generating a key. So let me do one thing. Let me open that
Sunny Savita: this is the link, guys, this one for the pinecone. And don't worry. I'll come to each and everything, each and every theoretical like doubts and all everything. So this is the like URL guys, you can go through with this particular URL, and you can generate an Api key from here. So how you will get the Api key click on this one pinecone console. Now, once you will click on this pinecone console guys. Just click on this pinecone console.
Sunny Savita: You will get an option for generating Api key. Okay, wait. It is coming.
Sunny Savita: or maybe left hand side somewhere they have given here. Only.
Sunny Savita: wait, guys, I'm going to open the pinecone console. Pinecone is free and paid. Both option is available free as well as the paid. Yeah guys. So once you will click on the pinecone console. Now, it will ask you for the login. So better, guys, if you can log if you can log in with your Gmail Id. Now, just click on this. Continue with the Google. Okay. Now select any of the Id. Whatever. Gmail id you have now, once you will click the Gmail click on the Gmail Id automatically it will redirect into you or the dashboard itself. Okay.
Sunny Savita: how many of you you are doing along with me? Guys tell me.
Sunny Savita: okay, now, guys, after after clicking on that sorry after logging in after the sign in what you have to do, you will get this kind of page. Are you getting this page or not?
Sunny Savita: Are you getting this page or not?
Sunny Savita: So pinecone is not completely free. It will give you the Enterprise version. Also, it will give you the enterprise. Variant also. Okay. But the freely, actually, we can create at one project. And we can create couple of indexes inside the project. Okay, so we are just testing it as of now. Just try to learn the thing. So yeah, it will give you the one project
Sunny Savita: freely. Now, what I can do, I can click, click on this default, and once I will click on this default project so left hand side. Here you can see this Api key option. Now click on this Api key, and you will be able to generate your Api key guys. So how many of you you are able to navigate to this page?
Sunny Savita: Done?
Sunny Savita: Okay, what I will do, guys. So here, I'll create the Api key. I'll click on this. Create Api key, and I will write a name. So my name is going to be. Let's say, Agentic
Sunny Savita: AI, 2 point. O,
Sunny Savita: so this is the name. 2.0 or agent ticket. Now, once I'll write a name and I'll click on this create Api key. So see, guys, this is my Api key. If I want to check I can simply click on this. So key value, I will get my value, or else directly I can copy from here. So once I will copy guys the call, the key will be with me, and what I can do, guys, I can paste it inside my dot env
Sunny Savita: fine. Okay, so here, what I'm doing, I'm just going to paste it inside a dot env file just a second. Let me keep it over here.
Sunny Savita: And, guys, I'll give the name. The name is going to what the name is going to pine cone. Api key. Okay, this would be the name of the variable. So here, what I did, I just created Api Key and I captured inside the variable.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, if I will execute this one now, if I will execute this code, I'll see you guys.
Sunny Savita: I'm getting my key or not. Okay. So 1st of all, I will have to load my variable again.
Sunny Savita: Load the variable just a second. Let me reload the variable. Okay, wait yeah, this way.
Sunny Savita: So after reloading the variable, if I'll execute this this code now, okay, get Api key.
Sunny Savita: Can you see the key or not? Is it visible to all of you thermigrants.
Sunny Savita: Is it perfect?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, I'm giving you 1 min of time so that you can take this key. Okay, you can. You can generate this key. And then, basically, we'll write a further code. Okay.
Sunny Savita: if you're getting this pinecone error that please install langchain pine cone package sumit. And please make sure if you are going to be, install it inside a current virtual, the correct virtual environment.
Sunny Savita: Please clear the output. Yes, that is a good. That's a good idea. I can delete this one
Sunny Savita: now, I can simply take this fine cone key, and I can paste it over here. Now, guys, what I created, I created my pinpoint client. Okay, once I will execute it. Guys. Here, see what I created. I created my pinecone client.
Sunny Savita: Is it a perfect. Are you able to create it or not?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: no worries. I'll you can share the screen like in a doubt. Slide. Doubt session. Okay.
Sunny Savita: organ, dot txt, please.
Sunny Savita: Here, we just need to mention this length in pine call. I'm giving you the package inside the
Sunny Savita: chat itself. Okay, all the packages you can check
Sunny Savita: with your recon dot txt dot env also. Yes, here is a dot env.
Sunny Savita: So if you want to access the Google model, you will have to mention the Google Api key. If you want to like connect with the pinecone, you will have to mention the Pinecone Api key.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, once you are done with the pinecone client creation, this client PC, this one this with this particular code, please. Okay, I'll proceed further.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'm giving you 1 min of time. Then I will go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Ravi, please. Okay, guys. So let me teach in my pace. And I think I'm going? Well.
Sunny Savita: okay, so do this thing. Do that thing. Someone is saying. So do that. Do this, do that. See? Like this, the class is not going to be happen. Okay.
Sunny Savita: let me teach in my flow at the end everything you will get whatever you require.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I know, Robb, you are very intelligent. Okay, you know everything. I know this thing.
Sunny Savita: If you know, then in that case, later on you can revise with the live sessions and all while watching the live session, recording each and every OP. Like, option is available for all of you guys. Right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, why, this client is required. We'll come to that.
Sunny Savita: So once you are done, guys let me know. Okay, I think everyone is done. So let's try to discuss some theoretical points. And then again, I will come to this fine call. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So I kept some theoretical point for all of you, so that your concept could be revised from the previous class as well as you can understand the couple of more names with respect to the databases, and we can discuss something about the multi modality and all. Okay, so is my screen visible. Can you can you tell me, guys, if you can see this black canva? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible? Right? Okay? So let's try to discuss couple of theoretical points over here. The 1st thing. Let's try to understand the differences between the different different type of databases. Okay? In how many ways, actually, we can configure the database. So the 1st thing is the local one, I think you know. Local. Yes, in the previous session itself. I discuss about that. Okay, give me a moment.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So where it went.
Sunny Savita: So the previous session itself I discuss about it the local, how you can like, create a local one which can be done inside your server. Okay, or via Docker. Also, you can execute that. And we have seen the example of the files means in memory itself. We can run it in memory means we can run inside our RAM, we can load it inside our memory itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: but the drawback of it, the drawback is the whenever we are going to be lost the memory. Okay? Are all the record is going to be destroyed. The second thing was the inner memory in memory means what
Sunny Savita: in memory means store the data, not only in the RAM data will be available on your disk. As sorry a local means it will be available on your disk in memory means it will be available only inside your RAM. So whenever the system is going to be stopped, in that case the data is going to be lost. Okay? And local means. You can purchase the file, the physical file inside your like the inside, the physical location
Sunny Savita: yesterday I created the files index. If you remember that. Okay, now, the next one is the cloud host. So guys today, actually, what we are going to learn, we are going to learn about this cloud host. So cloud host means, we are not going to be configure this thing inside the local our data. Basically, it won't be available inside the local system. Rather it will be available somewhere over the cloud.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So rather it will be available somewhere. The cloud. Now, if you're talking about the cloud hosted database. So, guys there are so many vendors. Pine cone, is there? Quadrant, is there? Is there millers? Is there even the different different other clouds like aws, azure, vertex, or sorry. This Google. Okay, they provide you the different different platform for keeping the data over the cloud.
Sunny Savita: I hope you are getting my point now. Why, why this cloud database is required? We can configure this vector database in our local right? What's the need of. What is the need of this cloud? One? Why, we need to like, keep the data data over the cloud. So let me give you that answer as well. So here I written couple of points, if if you will like a read this particular points, so maybe most of the thing is going to be clear.
Sunny Savita: The 1st thing is, it is useful for the experiment. See, whenever we are talking about the local vector database where you are going to be. So the database, basically, which you are going to keep in your local
Sunny Savita: local means on your local server. This could be anything right. It could be a local system, or anywhere whatever local system you are going to be used. So it is just for the experiment. It is just for the development or just to create a prototype
Sunny Savita: that said guys, right? Nothing apart from that. But guys, whenever you have to create a production grid system, in that case you cannot create that local database.
Sunny Savita: You cannot just keep the data inside your local on onto your local server. In that case you will have to keep your data over the cloud itself. Okay, so needed for production system. If you are going to talk about the cloud if you are going to be configured. The database any vector database over the cloud like pinecone web aws, open search as your AI search. Right? So in that case, guys, we are going to be create a production
Sunny Savita: grid system. Okay? Then, only it is required. I written couple of points over here like scalability, high availability. Okay, Multi user. And the team access real time updates monitoring and backup. Right? So these are some points basically which we need to consider. While we are going to be host our database over the cloud.
Sunny Savita: Maybe they can ask you the interview that why we have to keep our data, why we have to configure any cloud based or vector database. So you can discuss a couple of points over here. Right? So you can simply say, whenever we are talking about the local one. So that is just for the experiment of the dev. Okay, and just to create a prototype. But whenever we have to create a production gate and the scalable system. In that case we'll have to configure our database like either of the cloud
Sunny Savita: using either of the cloud, or whether it's aws azure or well, or it's a 3rd party vendor like Pinecone baby 8. Quadrant, and all
Sunny Savita: understood. Is this thing clear or not? Tell me
Sunny Savita: this theoretical point is clear. Yes.
Sunny Savita: okay. So you can read out this one from your end, and you will get a more clarity. Now, coming to the next one over here. So guys, whenever we talking about the different different type of data, okay, the different different type of configuration. So whether it's a in memory configuration, or it's a local persistence.
Sunny Savita: or it's a cloud hosted one. Right? So let's try to discuss couple of more point. And with that maybe you might get get some clear idea. So if talking about the data survive while we are going to be restart. So in memory, it's going to be lost.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in local persistence, whenever we are going to be saved, that our database is a local file, physical file, it would be there over the cloud. It would be there now, if you're talking about the scale scale across the node scaling part. So in memory we cannot scale local, persistent. It is a limited one. But over the cloud we can scale that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So that's why we need to use any dedicated cloud or or host, right? Whether it's the aws or azure, or even the Gcp database is also there, the vertex, a vector database, or we can use any 3rd party vendor like pinecone, as I told you. Okay, coordinate is also there. Millbus is also there.
Sunny Savita: That is a different different name you will find out. And even some of the no SQL databases, also providing you the support of the vector storage and all
Sunny Savita: like Mongodb and the data stack and all. Now, our team access, I think, it will be in your local. So we cannot do it. But yeah, over the cloud. Your other team member can also access the one database. Okay, easy integration. How to integrate that. So yes, in the lunch, and everything is possible whatever, in whatever way you want to configure. So for this one in memory, local one, you will have to simple, install the module, the required module, like files we have installed yesterday.
Sunny Savita: You can install the chroma. dB for chromadb. And we're talking about the cloud hosted guys. So some more thing will be required along with the SDK, so we have installed the pinecone. And along with that we have a configure, the Pinecone Api key also. Okay. So whenever we have to configure the database over the cloud, we required some additional configuration. Now use case fit. It is for the small. Okay, it is for the dev and the poc, and whenever we are talking about the cloud hosted one. So it is, for the production is scale
Sunny Savita: clear guys, are you able to understand this particular points or not? Tell me, yes or no, it's getting clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. See, in some cases you can configure the files. Chroma. dB, means in memory, and the local persistent database. Also for any sort of a production like, the environment, okay for any production get application. But again, guys, I'm saying, generally, we prefer the cloud ecosystem. The cloud hosted databases only right
Sunny Savita: if it is going to be clear guys all these 3 points the 1, st one, second one, the 3rd one. You can let me know. I can proceed further, and I can discuss couple of more thing. So this all the points why I capped so that you can talk in an interview.
Sunny Savita: We can discuss these all the thing in an interview. Okay. Now, coming to the next part. So over here, guys, we're talking about the next one. So
Sunny Savita: I kept couple of name. We have a files. So files guys tell me, files gives you the local support.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes or no files gives you the local support. Right? Yes, cloud hosted
Sunny Savita: files is available over the cloud as well. No files is not available over the cloud. Okay, now, we're talking about the Quadrant guys. Quadrant, is there? Local as well as the cloud? Okay, Vb is available. Yes, local as well as the cloud. Now tell me, guys, pinecone
Sunny Savita: pinecone is don't provide you the local support. Okay, pinecone is only available over the cloud. Pinecone does not provide you the local support. Now, talking about the Milwauce Milwauce. Yes, local and cloud variant is also available. Chroma guys. It is similar to the files. You cannot configure it over the cloud. It is only available inside the local itself. So there is a couple of name. Okay? But guys there are so many databases.
Sunny Savita: Let me show you one page. Okay. Here, we can check the comparison between the different different databases.
Sunny Savita: Guys tell me, is, this, notes is helpful or not. If we are going to be show you this the well structured notes.
Sunny Savita: So maybe like with that easily. You can revise the concepts and all. But tell me, guys, can you see this particular page? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Is it visible?
Sunny Savita: Give me a second guys. Okay.
Sunny Savita: okay, perfect guys. So Ca, can you, the can you see this particular page
Sunny Savita: here? They have given you the com, the comparison of the different different databases. So it's a website name superlink.com. And they have given you the comparison of the different different vector databases. So you can see all the vector database name over here
Sunny Savita: and there is around 50 to 60 name. And they have compared this vector databases. Okay, based on the different different parameter. So guys see, there are lots, many vector, database. And it is not possible to teach each and every vector, database. But whenever we have to see the comparison like, which database is capable for what? Easily we can look over here. Okay, so what you can do, guys.
Sunny Savita: you can check out with this particular page you can look into the different different parameter of it. Right oss license, and then dev language the Vss launch. Then, regarding the search, you can see the filter hybrid search facet is there. Geo, search. Multi, vector, okay. And there are lots, many parameter. Bm, 25 is one of the algorithm. It's updated version of the Tfidf algorithm. Okay, so it is, it is for the token based filtering.
Sunny Savita: So we use this vm, 25 for the token based filtering. If you want to know about it now, you can simply check out with my Youtube channel. I already created a video about this. Vm, 25 re-ranking retriever. And all right, oss means where? Basically, it could be operate. Right? So code base is open source and use can user can self hosted it for free
Sunny Savita: right means can you call? You can configure in local or as well as over the cloud, or at both places it is available. So it is regarding the availability. Now, part is, you will find out some other parameter. Also. Let me show you the other parameter. There is a model also. Okay, so
Sunny Savita: model is also there. So what our model and the different different model is basically being supported okay by the databases. So here they have given you that particular section as well. And let me show you that one once you will scroll. Once you will slightly like, move the mouse, you will find out the different other option.
Sunny Savita: So model wise, you can see image, model or image text model. And the different other model. Api, wise. Okay, what? All in what all framework is being supported by by which vector databases? Right? So let's take example of this chroma. So chroma, chroma, chroma, just check. See, link and support is there, and lama index support is also there for this Api for this chroma. Database
Sunny Savita: ops part basically means where you can deploy the pricing and all everything. Right? So here you can see this different other parameter manage pricing in process, multi tents disk index. So, guys, you can just go through with this particular page, and you can take one like the high level overview of all the vector databases. And you can, basically compare it based on the different different parameter.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And if you have any sort of a doubt further. You can discuss with me. We can talk about it now. Once you will scroll down, you will get around. See? I think most of the vendor over here. So chroma is there. See? Us
Sunny Savita: is also here. Okay, elastic search is here. Data stack is here. Now, apart from see Gcp vector, database. Vertex vector, database is here. Lens. Database is here. Okay. Mongodb is also here. Neo forge is here. Pg, is here. Even this Westfa is there with it? Is there pine cone? Is there? Okay? So every sort of a database you will get over here.
Sunny Savita: Understood.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Will you go through with this particular comparison or not?
Sunny Savita: Great guys now coming to the next part? So let me discuss all the theoretical point. Then I'll give you the break. And finally, we'll start with the further practical implementation and all. Okay, so could you copy, paste the link to the Pdf notes. Yes, I kept it over here. By you, or you can directly access from this page itself. Okay, once I will share this thing as a entire Pdf, you can access all the link and all.
Sunny Savita: I think, vector, database comparison. Yesterday, we have shown you this link vector, database comparison. So lengthen also gives you the comparison like table. But it is not in a very detailed manner. Okay, so this link over this particular page, you will find out, like a most of the vector, database, along with the detailed comparison, got it now, coming to the next part.
Sunny Savita: So over here, guys whenever we talk about the different different databases. Okay? So we can simply check out whether it's supposed to local, or it is all. Only over the cloud hosted. And all right. So everything, basically, we can check. And we can see now, guys, one more thing I capped over here in the table itself. I think yesterday someone was asking to me this particular question in the doubt.
Sunny Savita: So that's why this thing came in my mind. Okay, and I kept it over here. You know, guys, yesterday we discussed about the exact match and the appropriate, approximate nearest neighbor.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yesterday we discuss about this thing. So guys see? Let let me explain you this part. So I'm going to open my blackboard. Okay.
Sunny Savita: let me revise this concept also.
Sunny Savita: So whenever we talk about the vector database guys for storing your data, let's say, we have a data over here.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, this data will store where
Sunny Savita: this data are basically will store instead of vector data bills. Okay? So we'll do the chunking of it
Sunny Savita: if required, then only we'll do the chunking. Otherwise we'll skip it and then we'll do the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And after doing it, guys see, once we'll do the embedding now.
Sunny Savita: So we'll store this thing in the form of document.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, instead of document, there will be a page content.
Sunny Savita: Then there will be a metadata.
Sunny Savita: and my embedding will be available
Sunny Savita: embedding regarding what embedding regarding the
Sunny Savita: page content. Okay, now, guys, this document would be available here. This document would be available inside the
Sunny Savita: vector database. Okay, so for storing this data inside the vector database, what we do, we create a m, we create an index.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is my index guys.
Sunny Savita: You can see you can assume this is my intent.
Sunny Savita: Now, this index could be anything right.
Sunny Savita: This index could be flat index.
Sunny Savita: Let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So this index could be flat index. This index could be Hnsw.
Sunny Savita: Which is the graph based index, or it could be the cluster base index, the Ivr. One.
Sunny Savita: And there is a different different variant inside the Ivf and the Hn. SW. And all. Now we're talking about the flat index. So there we do the exact search.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And if we're talking about these 2 indexes. So there we do the approximate search.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, guys, my data is all available over here. My document is available inside my index. Okay.
Sunny Savita: here I have a document that could be multiple document and number of document.
Sunny Savita: Now, whenever the query will come to this vector database.
Sunny Savita: okay, we'll perform the similarity search. We'll convert this query into the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And we'll perform the similarity. Search right?
Sunny Savita: Similarty
Sunny Savita: suck.
Sunny Savita: Now, this similarity, such technique could be anything. It could be cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: It could be dot product, simple dot product.
Sunny Savita: It could be. L, 2 distance.
Sunny Savita: right? And guys will match with. See? Whenever we discuss whenever we talk about the X flat one in the flat one. Actually, we navigate to each and every document.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and whenever we navigate to each and every document we try to find out. We try to fetch some K top K document.
Sunny Savita: yes or no. So I told you this case. Nothing. It's a hyper parameter.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: so this K is nothing. It's a hyper parameter. So, guys, this K could be anything. This K could be 2, this K could be 3. This K could be 4, 5, 1020, 50. Whatever number you want to write. Okay. Now, guys, whenever we perform the similarity search and we go through with each and every document.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and we find out the top K value top K number. So this is called K, and n.
Sunny Savita: okay, that is a specific term for this was Kn. I yesterday I missed that part. That's why I'm revising it today. Okay.
Sunny Savita: now, whenever guys see now my just assume with the different flow. Let's say my query came, okay.
Sunny Savita: we perform the similarity search between document.
Sunny Savita: Now, this time I don't. I haven't created a flat index, either. I created a Hnsw index or I created the Ivf index.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, what will happen? Guys? See, we are not going through with each and every document. No, we are not doing it. We are not doing it either. We are taking a graph based approach. So here, actually, we take a graph based approach.
Sunny Savita: And here we take the cluster based approach.
Sunny Savita: Right?
Sunny Savita: Got it? Okay? Means we have a query.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be embed. This particular query
Sunny Savita: we are going to perform the similarity search. But this time it is not a flat index. We are not doing a exact match. What we are doing. We are doing a approximate match
Sunny Savita: means we are not going through with each and every document we are creating. We are using some shortcut, we are using some shortcut technique or some enhance technique like graph based and cluster. Right? And what we are doing, we are doing a approximate search. Okay? And after the search. Also, guys, we'll get some K document. This K number could be anything, anything. K, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, something. Right? So in that case, guys, this is called Ann.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: so one is Knn. It is with respect to this flat index mean the exact match, and whenever we are going to be, use this approximate in match index, right? This Hnsw. Or Ibf. In that case, this K. Number, whatever K value we are going to be retrieved, that is called that is called like through the Ann itself.
Sunny Savita: We are going to be a fetch this particular value, using the can. Sorry using the Ann. Okay. So let me revise this particular thing. So, guys, we have 2 type of index. One is the flat index.
Sunny Savita: Okay, there we do the exact match.
Sunny Savita: Exact match.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And the second type of index is called Hnsw or Ivf and text.
Sunny Savita: There we do the matching, using the graph technique.
Sunny Savita: And here we do using the cluster technique.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, in both cases, we are going to fetch K document after the similarity search. Okay.
Sunny Savita: K, is equal to N,
Sunny Savita: and this and could be anything. This and could be 1, 2, 3 up to anything. Here also, in this particular technique, also, we are going to fetch the and number of document. Okay, so this K is equal to. And here also, if we are going to use this particular indexing here also, we are going to fetch the
Sunny Savita: and document. Okay? And this item could be anything. Again, I'm saying it could be like 1, 2, 3,
Sunny Savita: 1, 2, 3 up to whatever. Okay. So guys this technique, this flow right? It's called Knn. There is a specific name for it.
Sunny Savita: K, nearest neighbor with the exact match. And this particular flow, guys, this is called Ann, approximate, nearest neighbor.
Sunny Savita: Now, did you understand the difference between this Knn and Ann?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no? Is it clear or not? Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: I want yes or no inside the chat guys. So how the session is going on. Whatever I'm teaching, whatever I'm explaining. Are you able to understand or not that particular part.
Sunny Savita: because I'm trying to discuss each and every detail so that you won't face any sort of like the problem in an interview while you are giving an interview and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, if you are having a issue while understanding this entire thing and all. Maybe you're not aligned with the session. You are just waking up and coming into the live session without revising the concept. So I will. I would highly advise to you. Please revise the previous concept whatever we are teaching to you. Okay? And then, if you'll come into the session, that would be great, for you got it
Sunny Savita: great. Now, if you have any sort of a doubt going forward you can like discuss with me in a doubt session. Right now, let's try to discuss couple of more point, and then I'll give you the break, and we can all have a break pass guys. Okay? So here. I hope this Knn term and this Knn term is clear. What's the full form of it? It's a k nearest neighbor.
Sunny Savita: and the full form of this, Ann is a approximate nearest neighbor. This term, guys, you are going to be used a lot while you are going to be create indexes and all. And believe me, guys, it will bother you a lot. Okay, you will do, chat, gpt this, that whatever again and again. But I explain you over here itself. Maybe you won't. You won't find any issue now. Okay, now, coming to the next part.
Sunny Savita: So Knn is there and is there, and here. You can read the complete detail of it. I I just kept in my notes. Okay, each and everything is there. So once you will go through with this particular part maybe. You will be able to understand everything right great.
Sunny Savita: Now, coming to the next one. So, guys, I have to discuss couple of more point yesterday. Few people were asking regarding the multi modality, also multimodal data and all. So I kept the point regarding that as well.
Sunny Savita: so as we know, we have a different different type of data in your real time.
Sunny Savita: We always don't get a data basically in the text format. Okay, we, we have a different different type of data like the chart. Okay, we have sometime flow diagrams. We have some time the different different kind of Pdf, with the images, tables, and all. Okay, so guys here, I return. See, whenever we talk about the text.
Sunny Savita: So text means what plain sentences or paragraph. Okay. Now, whenever we talk about the images. So in the images, guys photograph diagrams, chart, there could be anything
Sunny Savita: inside the given image.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So whenever talking about the different other type of data, so their audio also will come. So there we have a voice.
Sunny Savita: His speeches.
Sunny Savita: We have a music, right? So this type of data, actually, it comes inside the audio
Sunny Savita: whenever we talk about the videos guys. So in the videos, actually mute moving visuals with the audio. Okay, as you know, right? So there will be frames
Sunny Savita: plus audio.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Then documents. I think you know. Right? What is the document, the different different type of document. Let's say we have a Pdf.
Sunny Savita: we have our Ppts.
Sunny Savita: so there you will find out some combination of the data like text would be there. Images would be there. Some tables would be there
Sunny Savita: right? So while you are working in a real time, guys, you might get any sort of a data. There is a different different type of data.
Sunny Savita: Even the document there would be excel.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, there is a challenge to parse this data
Sunny Savita: and store it inside the vector database.
Sunny Savita: Yes or no. Guys tell me, that's the main challenge. Like
Sunny Savita: everyone is facing. Everyone is asking in a like doubt, session, right?
Sunny Savita: How to pass this data, that data, how to store this data. That data, sir, I have images. I have. Pdf, I have a table. I'm not able to understand the flow. And all
Sunny Savita: right. So here, I'm just giving you some clarity with respect to the vector, database as I like, took the initiative to explain this vector database. That's why I'm going through with this different different type of modality. Okay, so here we have a modality. And now let me show you a couple of use cases. So I just cap a couple of use cases.
Sunny Savita: So if talking about the chat gpt the current version of the Chat gpt there you will find out we can pass the images and text right even. It can generate the images and tags. In Youtube guys.
Sunny Savita: There is a video audio and text, right? So here running resume screen resume screening from the Pdf and portfolio. So this type of data you will get
Sunny Savita: over there. So this is the example, the couple of examples I cap.
Sunny Savita: So you can go through with this type of Pdf as a document.
Sunny Savita: And fore, should, you will get this modality.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, whenever we have to store this type of data inside the vector database. Now, which vector database we can use for the multimodal data. That's my main aim. Okay, to discuss. So here I capped couple of name which you can consider.
Sunny Savita: So whenever we're talking about the
Sunny Savita: multimodal data guys, let me write over here.
Sunny Savita: So whenever we talk about the multi model data.
Sunny Savita: So, as we have seen in a multimodal data.
Sunny Savita: there could be anything, not only the text, there could be text, there could be images.
Sunny Savita: Now, this images could be anything. Okay, there could be. Audio.
Sunny Savita: They could be video, okay, different, different type of data. Now, whenever we talk about the Llm skies.
Sunny Savita: So we just see wherever we talk about the Llm. So we know that Llm. Only takes the text
Sunny Savita: at it. Generator text.
Sunny Savita: This is not a multimodality.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So if Llm. Can take the audio.
Sunny Savita: if Llm. Can take the images
Sunny Savita: just a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So if Llm can take the audio. If Llm. Can take the images.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and if Llm can generate the audio.
Sunny Savita: and if Llm. Can generate the images.
Sunny Savita: so that's the this is called a multimodel capability.
Sunny Savita: Multimodal means.
Sunny Savita: This Llm is not only able to handle this text data
Sunny Savita: as well as it can handle the different other type of data like audio and images. I'll ask you one question whenever talking about the chat. Gpt
Sunny Savita: guys tell me it's a multimodal application, or it's a single model application. It's a homogeneous application. It's a heterogeneous application.
Sunny Savita: this chat Gpt. Actually, it's a multi-model application.
Sunny Savita: Why, it is multimodal application, because it could take care the text.
Sunny Savita: it can take care of the audio.
Sunny Savita: it can take care of the images.
Sunny Savita: Can it generate the text?
Sunny Savita: And how many of you you have generated that gibal art Ghibli or Gibal? Right? So something like that. There's a cartoon characters. Actually, right? So yeah. So text is, can gible art right then. It can generate the images. And with some extension, actually, we audio also.
Sunny Savita: So guys tell me, we're talking about the chat Gpt, it is using the model
Sunny Savita: which is capable to handle the different different type of data. Or else, if this model is not able to handle the data, chat Gpt.
Sunny Savita: making that easy with their coding, programming logic. Okay, let's try to make that easy
Sunny Savita: getting my point. Yes or no, there'll be. Yes.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, that's the meaning of the multi modality now coming to the next part. So, guys, whenever we talk about the rag pipeline.
Sunny Savita: So in rag pipeline. Also, we have a data.
Sunny Savita: Now, this data. Also, we're gonna store inside the vector, database.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, as I told you, this data could be anything.
Sunny Savita: This data could be anything multimodel data.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys tell me, we require the vector, database with some additional functionality.
Sunny Savita: so it can handle the multi-model data, is it guys tell me, are you able to understand the context? Now, why I'm discussing all this thing.
Sunny Savita: we have a data. This data could be anything. It could be images.
Sunny Savita: It could be videos.
Sunny Savita: It could be text.
Sunny Savita: It could be audio right
Sunny Savita: now, we required a vector, database. So this vector, database could be anything. Let's say, it's an open search.
Sunny Savita: It's a azure. AI search.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it's a what vector vertex. AI, vector okay, vertex, AI, vector, or it's a pine cone.
Sunny Savita: It's a baby 8.
Sunny Savita: Or let's say, it's a millbus.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it's a quadrant. So this vector database could be anything. But guys, if we have
Sunny Savita: different kind of data like audio images. Video, okay, so we required those databases which can handle which can handle the different different type of modality.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, not the.
Sunny Savita: Now, are you able to understand like, why, I'm trying to discuss this entire thing and all.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So you get you, you can get some idea, some overview
Sunny Savita: right now. Here, I cap, couple of name, let's try to go through with those name. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so here, guys, if you will look into this name. See?
Sunny Savita: Whenever we talk about any database. Okay? Sorry whenever we talk about any sort of a modality. So let's say, we're talking about the text.
Sunny Savita: So using this particular model like board, Gpt, mini, lm, and all at the end, we are going to convert into the vector
Sunny Savita: if you're talking about the images guys.
Sunny Savita: So using this clip or blade model, we are going to convert into the vector
Sunny Savita: if we're talking about the other modality like audio video. Okay, even the table. Also at the end. What we are going to do. See table, you can generate a summary out of that.
Sunny Savita: and after converting into the text means it is a text, eterna. Then you can handle it in a same way. This one
Sunny Savita: or there is some direct model also for the text data like this, layout, Lm, tap, taps or
Sunny Savita: purpose. And all right, you can check it out. I just saw going through with the hugging face, and I try to figure out over there how we can handle the direct text table data. And I get got some model. But you could take this particular way. Okay, now, text data image data, audio data, video data or table, right? So what we are doing guys at the end directly we are going to convert this data into the vectors
Sunny Savita: and number main name to store inside the vector database.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, the question is over here.
Sunny Savita: If we have a text, if we have a image, if we have a audio or video.
Sunny Savita: or maybe table right at the end, everything is being converted into the vector
Sunny Savita: okay? And we can store inside the vector database.
Sunny Savita: Now, why, the different different type of database is required
Sunny Savita: for multimodality. Maybe pine corn is not supporting. Maybe some other database is supporting
Sunny Savita: right, maybe for the audio, maybe some other database is not supporting, or some different cloud based databases supporting. So the question is over. Here
Sunny Savita: we have a text images, audio video, or whatever type of data at the end, we are going to be convert into the vector. And this vector. Could be hold by any of the database like the basic one only files. Then why we require the different different
Sunny Savita: vector database from advanced database. So here, guys, I written a answer for that.
Sunny Savita: So if you will check now this one.
Sunny Savita: this one, just look into this particular line.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: the difference is not is creating into the database. The difference lies in the feature and the ecosystem of the vector database. I can give you the example.
Sunny Savita: Whenever we are going to store our data into the pinecone guy, see? Pine cone database is only for the text
Sunny Savita: means we can convert test into the vector.
Sunny Savita: and we can store inside the pine cone.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, while we are storing the data into the pinecone, there will be a Id related to that related to the data. And there will be a
Sunny Savita: vector okay. Now, there is no other way like we can keep the images or audio file
Sunny Savita: or any video file.
Sunny Savita: But guys, if we're talking about the Vp 8,
Sunny Savita: okay? So the way be it guys, we can keep that images.
Sunny Savita: Okay, means in the way. Bit. Actually, we can keep the see. There is a this is the waybit schema.
Sunny Savita: And here you can see this particular schema. With respect to the tell me, guys, multimodal data
Sunny Savita: means we can keep that.
Sunny Savita: That is fine.
Sunny Savita: But along with the embedding we can store the other.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, guys, other property. Also of the data. Like we can store the image path.
Sunny Savita: we can store the image in the form of vs. 4. Encoding
Sunny Savita: base encoding format. Right? Base 64, okay? And we can store the other metadata also. So guys here, you can see the pine code, which is only supporting a text data
Sunny Savita: here. We cannot handle the images, the image embedding. See image embedding we can store, but how? We'll store the other property of the images and all baby. 8. On the other hand, whenever we are going to create a schema inside the baby 8,
Sunny Savita: it can take care the image embedding
Sunny Savita: means the embedding part as well as the other property of the images.
Sunny Savita: So that will make
Sunny Savita: our system easiest. One means if you have to navigate to the images and all in that case. It's going to be easy for us. So, guys, I can give you the example of my use case, which I build in my app in my company, I use the open search.
Sunny Savita: open search. Actually, it's a vector database which have been built on top of the elastic search.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And who has created this open search? Aws has created this open search.
Sunny Savita: and you will find out one specific cloud, native variant of the open source that is called Aws open source.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And it is also supporting the multimodel data
Sunny Savita: means we can store the embedding with respect to any sort of a data. But apart from that, we can store some other feature. Also, we can create one proper schema
Sunny Savita: getting my point, guys, yes or no. Tell me, is this discussion is a fruitful or not
Sunny Savita: just good. Now, coming to the different different names over here. So, guys here. I kept the different name which is good for the different different type of use cases. And force. Here you can test it out. So Millbus actually provide you one cloud variant that is called Zilla Zillies. Okay, it's a cloud variant of the Millbus.
Sunny Savita: And guys, it is good for the multimodal. Okay, images. Text, video, any kind of data embedding you can store as well as the other feature of the data. Okay, Quadrant is there. It is available in local
Sunny Savita: as well as cloud.
Sunny Savita: I I'm not sure whether the free variant is available or not for the clock quadrant. But yeah, you can check it out there. It is a good for the like, the multi model. And you can handle the different different type of data. V, 8, is there good for the different type of data? Okay, pine cone. Actually, it's focus on the text, only it is not
Sunny Savita: for the images. Okay? You can check out in the recent variant if they have added. But yeah, generally see PIN code we can use for the
Sunny Savita: which one is text. Now.
Sunny Savita: the cloud native database. If we're talking about the cloud guys.
Sunny Savita: So that matter a lot. Okay? Because generally we are going to be build a cloud native application. So if we are going to be, use the aws, use the aws. Open search
Sunny Savita: it is, see, open search.
Sunny Savita: These are open source.
Sunny Savita: And it has created on top of the elastic search.
Sunny Savita: It's very good database vector database. Okay, guys, this open search. Actually, it is a open source data base under the Apache license.
Sunny Savita: a partial license.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But aws, has created their cloud native variant, also regarding the open search.
Sunny Savita: So we talk about the Aws guys. So aws will provide you the cloud. Native aws, open search.
Sunny Savita: And you can use it. Then as your AI search, it's a very good database. If you're going to use the azure guys very good vector, database
Sunny Savita: for holding the vector data with respect to any modality. Okay, it can handle the embedding for any sort of a
Sunny Savita: modality as well as guys. It will provide you the complete ecosystem for storing, for creating any sort of a schema along with the metadata, and all likewise this Gcp. Vertex AI. Also, it is also a very good one.
Sunny Savita: So we have some 3rd party databases.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we have some 3rd party databases like
Sunny Savita: quadrant, is there? Millbus? Is there? Viviet? Is there Pinecone is there? whisper.ai is there, and we have some cloud. Native also means that dedicated the 3 major cloud. We have not. Aws.
Sunny Savita: Gcp or 0, right?
Sunny Savita: The Cloud native is also available.
Sunny Savita: Guys tell me now, every doubt is clear or not with respect to the databases. Now, can we move ahead with the practical of the pine cone. And let's see how we can set up that. Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: That's why, guys, I kept this notes for all of you, intentionally, so that like, you can go through with it, and you can understand the thing in a more clear way in a crisp manner. Right? Yeah.
Sunny Savita: sir. What is the metadata? Search? If you don't know about it, please go and check with my previous session
Sunny Savita: target.
Sunny Savita: Here is an image of the rag, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we take a break? Now
Sunny Savita: tell me, how's the session so far? Did you like the session. Did you like my everything, guys? If you like, you can let me know in the chat. Okay? And
Sunny Savita: oh, just a second guys, we I can raise a poll. You can. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: I'll launch the poll also, so you can. Give your detailed feedback over there as well. Okay. Now I'll give you the break the 15 min of break, and after that we'll go with the practical session. Okay? And then, after completing that, we'll go for the doubt and all, okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, there are so many question different different doubts and all. Don't worry, guys. I can take care of it
Sunny Savita: and see sometimes it is not possible. See, I'm teaching you are getting a question in chat, right? So while you are learning, you are not able to look into the chat, agree or not, guys, so how it will be possible for me while teaching, and look into the chat and give the answer at the same time
Sunny Savita: it is not very easy, so you can have some patience, and later on you can ask me your doubts or not, for sure I'll be clarifying. Okay, if you will ask to me, sir. Sit by 4 o'clock. I'll sit by 4 o'clock. Don't worry, guys. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Great if you're taking Pdf. How to convert a maze text together, which no, we'll have to do the parsing regarding that the Pdf. And all in a proper way in a proper manner. We'll have to extract each and every component of that. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so how you can remember how you remember all this thing. So this all the thing. Actually, it comes from the experience while you're working while you're looking with the bigger, bigger systems and all. Okay, so you will be having that envision? Right? So you can. You can think, okay. If that scenario, then what will happen if this scenario, then what will happen?
Sunny Savita: And like whatever you can see over here, guys, whatever the notes and all it all from my experience only. And believe me, guys, whenever you will go in industry and 95%, you will be playing around to this
Sunny Savita: 95%. Okay.
Sunny Savita: great guys perfect. So let's do one thing. Let's take a break. Okay, let's have some breakfast and all.
Sunny Savita: and I will meet after 15 min. Is it fine to all of you? Yes or no?
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. So I'm putting a timer for the 15 min, and then we'll start with, sorry yeah. 15 min. Only not 20 min. Someone is like, 30 min. Okay. Should I end the session now?
Sunny Savita: 30 min by both. Are there? 30 min break?
Sunny Savita: Let's take 4, 15 min. Only don't
Sunny Savita: thank you, guys. I'm putting a timer. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: thank you. Waste.
Sunny Savita: Oh, you guys, so can we start once again?
Sunny Savita: Can't hear. You can't hear you are. I return a message, and I hear, see? Give me 2 min. Got a call?
Sunny Savita: Hmm, okay, perfect.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So let's start with the practical. I think we have a completed a theory we understood, like most of the concept now it's time to discuss about the practical. So let's do one thing. Let's try to do the practical of this pinecone. Okay? Like, we have created a rag system in the previous class itself. So let's create a rag in the same way. Okay, using the pinecone this time.
Sunny Savita: So let me show you how to store the data over the cloud, and then I'll give you the couple of assignment you can. Do that during your practice. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So 1st of all, guys, what is required. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So here we have created a pinecone client. Have you generated a pinecone? Api key.
Sunny Savita: sir, please create a new IP bin. It's a new IP bin only which I created under this pinecone folder.
Sunny Savita: So have any. Has anyone created everyone created this pinecone? Api key? Do you have this pinecone Api key or not? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Okay, great. You have it correct. Now, after creating this pinecone Api key, we have to create an index. Okay, so last time we have created an index in the memory itself, or inside a local system itself. Okay, now, this time the index would be available over the cloud.
Sunny Savita: So how to do that, how to create an index over the cloud. So let me write a code for that over here. So from the pinecone itself, guys, I'm going to import something. Please focus over here, and you can write along with me if you want to write. So from Pinecone
Sunny Savita: Peel, I'm going to write import server, less. Okay.
Sunny Savita: serverless spec. So, guys, I have to import this particular module. Now, can anyone tell me the meaning of the serverless?
Sunny Savita: Tell me.
Sunny Savita: is my message visible to the panelist and all see prashant. Don't worry about this message. And all focus over here. Focus of the session. Okay, everyone's message is visible. But focus over here. Guys. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so here, what I'm doing, we are going to be import this serverless spec. Now, what is the meaning of the serverless, serverless means it doesn't mean that there is no server. No, it's not like that serverless means. You are not going to be manage the server. The Cloud Provider only will manage the server. Okay? So here I can write one comment, maybe it will help you.
Sunny Savita: So here I can write a comment. Guys, the comment is, serverless means managed by the cloud provider. Okay, this, whatever server. Basically, you are getting server
Sunny Savita: will be
Sunny Savita: managed by the Cloud provider. I hope you got it now, coming to the next part. So once you will import the server like specs. So 1st of all.
Sunny Savita: yeah.
Sunny Savita: So you have to create an index how to create an index. Let me import it and simply write over here. PC, dot.
Sunny Savita: create index.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, inside this create index. You're gonna write some detail. Okay? So the 1st thing is what the 1st thing you will write an index name
Sunny Savita: index underscore name.
Sunny Savita: The second thing you will write over here the dimension dimension.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now tell me, guys, if if I'm going to use the hugging face based model, then what I will have to mention over here in the Dimension itself.
Sunny Savita: 3 84. If I'm going to use the Google model, then what I will have to mention over here instead of dimension. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: 7, 68. You are right guys. So here, what I'm doing, I'm going to use the Google Gemini model. So I'm going to write a dimension that is going to be 7, 68
Sunny Savita: now coming to the next part. So, oh, okay, dimension perfect.
Sunny Savita: Now, coming to the next part, the next variable that's going to be metric. Now tell me, guys, which metric I can use as of now. For the similarity search, because can I use the cosine? Is it fine to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Tell me? Yes, okay, let's use the cosine now coming to the next part. So here, guys, I will have to mention the specification of the server.
Sunny Savita: So going to copy this class name, and here I'm going to create an object of it.
Sunny Savita: And I'll write a class name only this one. Okay?
Sunny Savita: And after writing a class name inside this class name, I have to provide couple of parameter. 1st is a cloud name, and the second is what region?
Sunny Savita: REGI, ON, okay, so I'm going to provide a cloud name. Now, on which cloud guys, I'm going to configure my database this database so I can use any sort of a cloud. I can use the Aws Gcp. Or azure.
Sunny Savita: whatever is being provided by the Pinecone Provider. Okay, that vendor provider. So here I can mention the aws. You will have to navigate all this thing, guys, if you are working into a real time, the serverless specification and all everything. Okay. Now, here, I'm going to write this Us. East one.
Sunny Savita: Us is
Sunny Savita: one. Okay. So I have the index name dimension, metric and the specification. No, that is the only thing which is required, and what I will do here. I will write my index name in the 1st place. Okay, so I can write any sort of a name as of now. Let's write agent, tick, patch.
Sunny Savita: cool agentic badge, BATC. H.
Sunny Savita: 2. Okay, so this is my index name guys here. I mentioned the variable already, and once I will execute that I'll be able to create an index. Now you can put one if condition you can check. The index is already there or not. So if I'm going to check with my database, I will have to run this particular code. So here my code is what if sorry my condition is, what if not PC. Dot has index. Then, only I'm going to be create my index. Okay, if there is an index, then I no need to create an index.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point, you can simply check whether the index is already available or not. So simply what you can do. You can run this pc.it has index. Okay? And once you will execute that, guys see?
Sunny Savita: It is giving you the false.
Sunny Savita: Do we have this index here?
Sunny Savita: So what is what index? It is creating flat Hnsw or Ibm, it is as of now, it is just creating a flat index. Okay, so guys tell index available or not.
Sunny Savita: So why is 7, 68, Dimension Conal Kunal, Conal? I think already I discuss what is the dimension of my model.
Sunny Savita: The dimension of my model is the 7, 68. In that case I will have to mention, the dimension is 7, 68 guys. Okay.
Sunny Savita: pinecone index is posted over the Aws. Yes, guys, pinecone is not having their own cloud. This is just a wrapper.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is just a wrapper on top of the different different other clouds, and all got it
Sunny Savita: great. So here you can see the index is not available. Now let me navigate to my pine cone once, and let me check what are indexes are there. So if I'll check with my pine cone, and where is my pine cone? Here's my pine cone. Let's look into the databases. So trading board is already there which I created earlier. And here the link chain test index is also there. So, guys, what I'm doing I'm just checking with the trading board. What? I'm what I'll be getting right. So I'm just copying this name. This trading board.
Sunny Savita: Where is a name? Where is a name? Here is a name. Okay? So I'm just copying this name, and I'm passing it inside my code. And let's see whether this index is present or not. Okay. So here is my code. Here is my index name.
Sunny Savita: and let's check out with the pinecone client.
Sunny Savita: and you can do along with me as well, because I'm going very, very slow, and I think you can
Sunny Savita: copy and paste. Sorry you can write and everything along with me. Okay, so Training board is there. And let's do one thing, guys, let's keep it inside the double code.
Sunny Savita: And here, if I'm going to execute that, it is giving me invalid syntax error. So let me keep in the double early and see this time it is giving me 2. So guys tell me if the index is already there. Do I need to create an index with the same name?
Sunny Savita: Or do I need to create an index?
Sunny Savita: Yes, aws is a paid. That's why they are, give just offering couple of a couple of instances as a free one.
Sunny Savita: the rest of the paid. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Why, if someone will create a database or some product for you as a free. Tell me, guys, they are just giving the free access just to test the functionality and all that said nothing apart from this one
Sunny Savita: aws is paid. In that case pinecone is also paid. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Great. No. Here you can see. We don't have this particular index agent batches. So we are going to be create that. So I create index guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: I think we can create an index. Right? So here I am going to create an index and see guys, my index is getting created. Now, after creating an index, what I will do. So here I write. PC, dot index.
Sunny Savita: And I will, I will guys what I will do. Guys, I'll
Sunny Savita: configure that index. Okay? Means, first, st I created that. Okay. Now I have to load that now for install for importing sorry for for putting the data for uploading the data inside the debt inside. That is specific index. Right? So here I'm going to load that index. So index underscore name.
Sunny Savita: And here, what I'll get, let me check it out.
Sunny Savita: So let me create an object. So now I get my got my index. Now, inside this particular index, actually, we are going to store our database. So did you understand guys how to create an index and how to load that index.
Sunny Savita: So let me write over here creating an index.
Sunny Savita: And here I can write loading the index. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, after creating and loading the index, what I will do, I'll store my data over here right? So
Sunny Savita: if you want to check. Now, if you want to check whether the index is there or not over the pinecone, you can simply go and check it out. You can simply basically refresh. Okay once you will refresh over here. Now just do the hard refresh. So once you will refresh. Now, guys, you will get your index over here. And inside that particular index, we are going to be store our data.
Sunny Savita: So yeah, I'll look into the error. Okay, 1st of all, let me do my work. Then I'll look into your errors and all. So, guys here, you can see, this is the index. And guys tell me, do we have any sort of a data inside this index.
Sunny Savita: Do we have any sort of a data inside this index? Tell me fast.
Sunny Savita: No, right?
Sunny Savita: No, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Nope.
Sunny Savita: okay. So we don't have any sort of a data inside the index. What I will do tell me. In that case, I'm going to be store the data. Okay, so let's store the data inside the index. And it is very, very easy. So first, st what I will do, I'll create my, I'll import something from the link chain. I have to. I'm going to use the link and wrapper as I told you, right? So we are going to be using. Only
Sunny Savita: so here, guys, I'm going to write from link chain underscore pinecone.
Sunny Savita: And what I'm going to import here, I'm going to import pine cone vector, store. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, once I will run it, guys. So here, see, we are able to import the pine cone vector, if you are, if you are getting this error create Indice guys, please make sure you are running the code or the same code. Only, okay, if you are going to do any mistake, maybe you might get error, Rahul.
Sunny Savita: So now, what I'm doing here, I'm going to create a pinecone vector, store. So for creating this pinecone vector, store. What I required guys, I required the pinecone index. So let me write the index over here.
Sunny Savita: So what is my index name? My index name is this index, this one I already loaded the index.
Sunny Savita: Now, after this one, guys, I'll mention the embedding model. Now tell me which embedding model I'm using. So let me write the embedding over here, and I'm going to use the Google Gemini embedding. Let me check the variable whether the variable is correct or not. So here my variable name is Embeddings. Okay, I'm going to take a same embedding. You can use any sort of embedding. I don't have any issue, but please make sure that you are going to put a correct dimension.
Sunny Savita: Otherwise you will get an error guys. Okay, so here, I'm going to create a a vector store. Now, let me do one thing, let me write over here vector.
Sunny Savita: underscore store. So I got my vector, store guys. Now, after getting a vector, store, what I'll do. I'll be storing a data over here. Okay, if you will check right now, if you will execute something on top of it, let's say I have a vector store
Sunny Savita: and on top of it, if I'm going to run
Sunny Savita: what I'm going to run guys tell me. So if I'm going to execute the method. The method name is going to be similarty underscore salt. But tell me, guys, will it work for me? Currently?
Sunny Savita: Will it work for me? Currently? No, it's not going to work for me. Currently. Okay? So why? It's not going to work for me because we haven't stored our data. So once we'll store our data, and then only it's going to work. Now, let's say, if I'm going to ask what is the link chain again?
Sunny Savita: Blank chain.
Sunny Savita: So, guys here. See
Sunny Savita: in the result. Maybe I won't get anything because I don't have any sort of a data. The result is an empty one. So once I'll store a data over there. In that case we are going to get a we are going to generate a result. So pine code is a license how we can get the free of version. So it just giving you the couple of instances just to test it, test the functionality and all rest of the pinecone is a paid one. Okay, so here, what I can do guys. So here
Sunny Savita: I can store the data. And I'm going to store a data in the same way. So what I'm doing, I'm picking a last data itself, the last, the data basically, which I use in the last class. Only so just a second guys, I'm going to use the same data. Okay, I'm going to copy and paste. You can take it again from the same file from this files file itself. Now, over here, guys, what I'm doing. See? I created a document. My data will always be present in the form of this document.
Sunny Savita: So I have a document. Now inside the document, guys, I have a page content.
Sunny Savita: And here you can see the metadata.
Sunny Savita: This metadata is nothing. Just a additional information.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So metadata is nothing. It's just a additional information. So we have a page content. We have a metadata and similar to that. You can see we have a 10 document. Okay? Now, what I will do, guys, I'll create a list of document. List of document is required for storing our data. So let me do this thing. 1st of all, guys, what I can do.
Sunny Savita: I can run this particular
Sunny Savita: sell. Okay? Now, what I got guys, I got the list of documents. So let me show you the list of document
Sunny Savita: this one. Okay, once I will execute it. Guys. Here, you can see the All the document.
Sunny Savita: So Docu months. Okay.
Sunny Savita: see how many documents we have. We have 10 documents, and in each and every document we have a metadata as well as the page. Content. Now, after that, guys what we'll do. So here, you can see, I have used one more functionality today. That is a uuid. Do you know about the uuid?
Sunny Savita: Tell me, do you know about the uuid
Sunny Savita: uuid means? You yeah, unique id, it's a like unique identification number. Or you can say, universal identification number, okay.
Sunny Savita: universal identification
Sunny Savita: number. So we have a universal identification number. So I can show you how this uuid looks like. For with respect to each and every document, we are going to be, generate their unique ids, okay, so if I'm going to be execute this particular code. So here, inside the list, you will be, find out the uuid with respect to each and every document. Yesterday, automatically it was being created, you know, while we were storing our data inside of files.
Sunny Savita: yes or no guys. So automatically, it might be created. And we can create by ourselves as well. So to every document, guys, I'm going to be assigned one unique. Id.
Sunny Savita: okay? And how we have created that. So using this simple function, if you don't know about it, I can show you that. So what I'm doing here I'm just going to be. See, this is a list comprehension. If you are not familiar with the python. You might get a difficulty while you are understanding this particular syntax, but it is not that much difficult. Once you will like, understand? In a proper way, it is not that much difficult. So here, what I'm doing, guys.
Sunny Savita: I'm just going to be iterate on top of the document the length of the document. So what is the length of the document?
Sunny Savita: So the length of the document is going to be 10. Okay. Now here, guys if I will write this range 10. So what I will get I'll get from 0 to 10.
Sunny Savita: Okay, c.
Sunny Savita: 0 to 10. Now, if I'm going to run the for loop on top of it. If I'm going to execute the for loop.
Sunny Savita: and if I'm going to print that you will get from 0 to 9. So how many uuid I'm going to be generate. I'm going to generate a 9 uid. Okay, so let me remove this print or let me keep this one. And here I'm going to create the uuid using this particular function.
Sunny Savita: this uuid function. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So here, I'm going to create a function with the uuid function. Let me do one thing, let me print it. So with respect to every sort of a record, you will get one
Sunny Savita: unique Uuidc.
Sunny Savita: Can you see, guys, this one
Sunny Savita: unique, uuid with respect to that? So here we are able to generate a uuid with respect to every sort of a document. Okay, it is nothing, just a unique identification number. Now. So I'm going to store the data. So vector, store dot, add document. And here is my document, and then there is a uuids. Okay. Now, once I will execute it, guys.
Sunny Savita: so will I get my data inside the pine cone. Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: for the uuid is same, sir, no, Praveen, it is not same. Just look into the last character. Last few. Character of the uuid.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this one.
Sunny Savita: No, actually, this is the giving me a function. See, it is also not the same one. Let me check. It is a function. Actually, okay, it is generating a function. But see what it will give me just a second. I think I haven't executed it properly. But
Sunny Savita: no, see!
Sunny Savita: So it is giving you the proper uuid. Okay, you just need to put the parenthesis over here. Got it. Now, Praveen.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now here you can see guys, we are able to store our data. Now, can can we check the data?
Sunny Savita: The data, guys, yes or no. Can can I go through with the database now? Once I'll check with the database. Okay, here. Okay, let let me do one thing. See, let me open it. And how many records we have in total, we have 10 records.
Sunny Savita: So this is my 1st record.
Sunny Savita: Okay, here is my second record.
Sunny Savita: Here is my 3rd record. Okay, here is my 4th record, and to every record one unique. Id is going to be associated. Now, if you want to check the embedding of this particular text and this metadata, will you able to check it. Guys
Sunny Savita: tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can do it. So do one thing. Just click on this 3 dots.
Sunny Savita: 3 horizontal dot and click on this fetch
Sunny Savita: once we will click on this fetch. Now, see, here is our embedding.
Sunny Savita: This is a unique Id.
Sunny Savita: Here is a value.
Sunny Savita: Here is a metadata in the metadata there will be a source.
Sunny Savita: And the text.
Sunny Savita: okay, so while we are going to be create, see? While the embedding is going to be create.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So this text is coming inside the metadata automatically. See, this is my main thing. Value the embedding.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And here you can see the metadata. Now, if you want to edit this record simply, you can click on this edit.
Sunny Savita: and you will be able to edit this record whatever you want to edit. They are giving the option over here itself. You can
Sunny Savita: simply edit those thing. And this is your dense. Vector.
Sunny Savita: are you able to understand, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me, yes.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you? This is the cosine similarity score. So once one by default score. They are associated with each and every document. But whenever you are going to fire the query, it's going to work in a same way. Okay? Means it is going to be trying. It will try to calculate the cosine similarity from scratch. Forget about this score. Don't focus on this score. Just focus on this record. So how to check the record. Just click on this 3 dots.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just click on this fetch. So once you will click on this fetch. Now, guys, here, you will get a embedding. This is the embedding. Now tell me, guys, what will be the dimension of this embedding?
Sunny Savita: What is the dimension of this embedding this one.
Sunny Savita: The dimension of this embedding is going to be 7, 68. Okay, I hope it is clear. And here you can see the rest of the field. You can check out. Check out with your system as well, and I hope so you will be able to get. Now.
Sunny Savita: if you are going to be now, if you are going to be like execute this vector, similarity, search with respect to any sort of a question, right? Whatever is there inside the document? For sure, you will get a similar data. Okay? Means the similar document from the vector, database itself. So let me do one thing. Let me call this function. Now, where where was that function? This one?
Sunny Savita: So here I'm going to take this particular function the similarity search one on top of the vector store. Okay? And here, guys, I will.
Sunny Savita: I will ask my question. So let's try to ask a question, the different question, okay, what length chain
Sunny Savita: provide
Sunny Savita: provides to us. Okay, a simple question. Let's see the the basically most near result. Okay, the nearest result of this particular sentence. Now tell me which what it is doing, which similarity score, it is calculating, guys here is going to be calculate the cosine similarities score. Right? So see, I'm scrolling a little slowly today. And I hope so. You can see my entire code and all everything. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, if I'm going to be execute this part see here, you will get your results. So by default, how many? By default guys? How many documents we are able to generate? So by default, there will be a
Sunny Savita: 4 document. Okay, can we regulate this behavior. Can we generate only 2 or 3, or 5 or 6? Yes, I can do that. So if I'm going to mention the K value, let's say, I'm going to mention the K is equal to 6. So how many records will be able to generate guys? So we'll be able to generate 6 record. Okay, if I'm going to mention K is equal to one. Now, how many record guys tell me
Sunny Savita: one record? Okay, can we filter out based on the key, the metadata key, basically, yes or no. So let's say, instead of this one what I'm doing here, I'm just going to be.
Sunny Savita: mention the filter value. Okay, so the filter value is going to be twit
Sunny Savita: instead of metadata itself. I mentioned about that. So if the filter is going to be Tweet guys, let me run it and let me check out the result of it. So if I'm going to print the result and see guys, I'm just getting those document which is having a tweet
Sunny Savita: understood. Guys. Now, did you understand the importance of the link chain over here? The link, chain
Sunny Savita: length, chain keeping everything under the same functionality. So whatever functionality we were doing, whatever functionality we are able to apply on top of the files in the same way, after configuration of this index and all are we able to apply in the same way over the pine cone as well or not?
Sunny Savita: Yes or no, Telby.
Sunny Savita: In a same way we are able to do everything over the fine core, and that's the beauty of the length chain.
Sunny Savita: So Lansing, keeping everything at a single roof inside the single roof under the single roof. Okay? So we just required the the dedicated configuration like this indexes and all. If it is a files, then different. If it is a chroma, then difference. If it is a fine cone, then different.
Sunny Savita: and the rest of the functionality is going to be same over here, the storing and all. Don't tell me, guys, one thing.
Sunny Savita: can I use this particular vector store, this particular vector store
Sunny Savita: in my length in my rag chin.
Sunny Savita: Can I use that in my Lcl chain? Can I use this one?
Sunny Savita: Okay, I can use it. But how?
Sunny Savita: How? What? I will have to call. If I want to use this vector. Store, tell me fast
Sunny Savita: what I will have to call over here.
Sunny Savita: So here I will have to call
Sunny Savita: retriever as a retriever. Okay, right? You are right, guys. So what I'll be calling over here. I'll be calling as underscore retriever. Let me check whether this function available or not over here.
Sunny Savita: As underscore retriever, let me take it from the files itself. Okay, and the rest of the code. Also, we can take from the files. And one more thing I would like to show you today. I think yesterday I missed that part. Can we mention the threshold value. Also.
Sunny Savita: can we mention the threshold valuings while we are retrieving the data from the vector database?
Sunny Savita: Yes, guys, that is also possible. We can mention the threshold value also. Okay, so just a second. 1st of all, let me
Sunny Savita: take this as a retriever. Then I'll show you the threshold part. Okay.
Sunny Savita: vector, that is there. Then, yes, here is the retrieval.
Sunny Savita: So guys here, what I'm doing. I'm just going to be mentioned. I'm just going to be create this vector, database as a retriever. Okay, as a retriever. Now, I can put any sort of a number. While I'm going to be fetch the data. Let's say 3 only. Now, this is my retriever. Now, what I can do, guys on top of this retriever, can I run the invoke? Yes, for sure I can run the invoke. So once I will write anything, let's say link chain. So with respect to this link chain, only I'll be getting top 3 document.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so here, guys, you can see we are getting top 3 document. Now, one more thing. So if you're talking about this basically similarity search and all that's fine guys, right? But can we mention the threshold also?
Sunny Savita: Yes, we can mention the threshold. So guys, we have an accuracy. Right. So we have a range of the cosine similarity from minus one to one.
Sunny Savita: So we can mention the threshold right up to which point you want your result, and if the accuracy is coming, less than that particular value the threshold.
Sunny Savita: we are not going to be retriever data at all.
Sunny Savita: So here itself, instead of search. Kwr, Gs, I'm going to mention about the threshold. Okay, so let's say, I'm going to mention the threshold as a 0 point 5. I'm saying, if the 50% document is getting match, then only return the data, then only return the reserve. Otherwise don't do it. So here I'm writing 0 point 5. And this is a hyper parameter. You can keep anything over here. Okay. Now, here, I'm going to create my retriever. This is fine. Now, if I'm going to run this chain with the length chain.
Sunny Savita: Now, see, you guys, Pine goes in the physical going to expect your score threshold.
Sunny Savita: is it not there, is it?
Sunny Savita: Score threshold should be there now as a retriever. Okay, just a second, guys. I think I will have to mention the search type also wait.
Sunny Savita: Score threshold is here.
Sunny Savita: Let me mention the search time. Similar score threshold. Okay, let just a second guys. Let me check one more time.
Sunny Savita: Retriever dot invoke. Fine.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So here, see whatever document you are seeing over here. Right? All this document, actually, which is having a similar T score more than 50%.
Sunny Savita: If it is going to be less than 50%. In that case it's not going to be fetch. Those document understood. Guys tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: You can put some other word. Let's say, let let me check it out, guys, even I haven't checked. Let me check whether it is working or not. So instead of the lunch, and I'm writing sunny.
Sunny Savita: so did we enter anything regarding the sunny inside the database. I don't think I have entered right there. So let me execute it. It was all invoke and see. It is giving to me. Okay.
Sunny Savita: but, Page, content. Is there
Sunny Savita: the weather forecast. Okay, it is relating with the weather forecast. I have bad feeling. I'm got into there. Okay, guys, I think we have mentioned 3 now, because of that, only it is giving to me.
Sunny Savita: Let me mention something.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I think because of the key, only it is giving to me. Let me remove this key. Let's see what I will be getting now.
Sunny Savita: retriever, is there? Line chain? Okay, I'm getting all the 4.
Sunny Savita: Oh, here also I'm getting all the 4
Sunny Savita: Tweet, Tweet, Tweet. Did I mention something else?
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, we'll have to check the threshold part. Okay, I'll be checking that one. How basically, this will, it will be working.
Sunny Savita: We'll have to check the threshold part. Okay.
Sunny Savita: something else, something else. Or let me put something. What I can put guys I can put. Let's say.
Sunny Savita: hmm, okay, Google.
Sunny Savita: It is giving to me. It is giving to me, how does it work?
Sunny Savita: Maybe the score. With respect to each and every sentence. Now, I think it is more than point 5.
Sunny Savita: That's why it is giving to me.
Sunny Savita: Okay, no worries, guys, we'll we'll check it out. Okay? Or else you can check with this respect with respect to this goal threshold. And all right.
Sunny Savita: make 0 point 2. Okay, let's do one thing. Let's keep it. 0 point 1 retriever is here invoke.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Guys, I think it is using some different mechanism in back end.
Sunny Savita: Maybe we'll have to check that 0 point 9.
Sunny Savita: Oh, now, this time it is not giving. Hmm.
Sunny Savita: 0 point 8 giving 2 0, not giving
Sunny Savita: 0 point 7. Yeah, so keep threshold high. I think so. 0 with 0 point 1. It will give you everything, because at least 10% it will match now.
Sunny Savita: So why you are saying 0 point 1 again.
Sunny Savita: So it is giving me. Oh, this is for now let's see
Sunny Savita: at least coming like a 70% of accuracy it is getting. Because of that.
Sunny Savita: I think, guys, you you got now right how this threshold will work. Can you play with a different different value of it. Just keep it high
Sunny Savita: to get the most relevant data from your vector database. Okay, keep keep it. Keep it high. Keep it high. I would suggest you keep it 90%, 85%, 80% at least right? Great. Now, what I will do. So
Sunny Savita: on top of it, guys, we can build a rag. Guys, you know how to build a rag on top of it. Yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Tell me we understood this thing right in a previous class itself. We have seen that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so what you can do, you can take a same code. Let me do it
Sunny Savita: here will require the model. I'm going to use the Gemini model. Okay, let me do is do it, guys quickly. And
Sunny Savita: then, basically, I can give you one assignment.
Sunny Savita: So here is the Germany model.
Sunny Savita: Now, after taking a gemini model. Okay, what I will do, guys, I'll pull the prompt. Now, this prompt. Actually, you can write in a custom way also. Okay, this could be a custom prompt as well, and you can take the code from the same previous file. Now, if you will print this particular prompt, you will find out the prompt in a very specific way, right in a beautiful manner over the console itself. So let me do one thing let me take this entire paper.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to paste it over here and let me execute it. See, guys. So this is my prompt which I'm able to fetch. Okay, if you want to write a custom prompt, we can write a custom prompt also. Okay, I'll show you that custom prompt part. Wait.
Sunny Savita: So let me take this run Ables and the output parser, and here is not enable or output parser, no data. Wise guys, I can take any sort of a data. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So here I'm going to format the document and let me do one thing. This is my like document, whatever, I'll be fetching from the vector, database. Here is my rack chain guys already. I explained you this code in a proper way, in a proper manner.
Sunny Savita: And now, after that, what I'll do.
Sunny Savita: I will invoke this particular chain. Okay, so here is the invocation of it. That's it, guys. Now, one thing is missing over here. I think we haven't kept the data, the appropriate data. Okay, inside a vector database. So what you can do, you can take any sort of a data and you can keep it inside a vector database. And then you can
Sunny Savita: build this rag pipeline, the further rag and all. Should I do it, guys, or will you do it? Tell me fast?
Sunny Savita: Will you able to do this thing. With respect to any custom data, any any like a Pdf, and all
Sunny Savita: here, I kept the data. Okay, you just need to like do it on the same way.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, one thing I'm doing over here. Just a second guys, someone was asking regarding the custom prompt. If you want to create our own custom. Prompt how? It is possible. Okay, let me show you that as well. I kept the custom prompt. Also, give me a moment, guys. Okay, I will take that.
Sunny Savita: sir. Can you please show Rag long with a Pdf. With custom. Prompt. See with the Pdf. I shown you yesterday. Sanskar Sanka. Okay, you can go and check with my files. I took the same code. You just need to run that code, and you will be able to get custom prompt. I'm showing you that part. Okay, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: I created one prompt template.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do the data cleaning. If your data is too much messy. It is a subjective question.
Sunny Savita: Can we rewrite our own runnables? It is difficult. Use the link chain runnables. Only.
Sunny Savita: you guys. So here I'm going to create my own prompt. So see this prompt. Actually, it's a we are pulling it from the hub. If you don't know about the hub link and Hub. Let me show you the link chain hub.
Sunny Savita: Has anyone seen the luncheon hub? Anyone gone through the luncheon? Hub or not?
Sunny Savita: Lantern hub?
Sunny Savita: There you will find out a different, different type of prompt. You can take any sort of a prompt and you can. Basically take a reference of that a huge prompt okay.
Sunny Savita: I still remember guys, in one of my project I written a thousand line of prompt for this gpt. 4 model. And it was able to take that.
Sunny Savita: The the total prompt size was around 1,019, something rows. Okay? I returned. That much use prompt. So yeah, that kind of prompting. Also, you will find out in a real time. So this is the prompt guys like all the different different prompt you will find out. Let's say you want to build something, Chatbot. Just click on the chat. Bot! How you will get a prompt with respect to the Chatbot. Just click on it, guys all the prompt template and all everything.
Sunny Savita: So you can. Analysis. See, this is the like, the way of defining a complete prompt and all. So how they are doing it in the same way. Actually, you can write
Sunny Savita: this one.
Sunny Savita: So I'm providing you this link, you can go through with it. And I hope so you will be able to understand it.
Sunny Savita: Can we see the similarities code in the result? Yes, I think we can see, we'll have to check the the inner parameter and all of it we can print that forward. Okay.
Sunny Savita: great. So did you get a link, guys, yes or no. Now let me do one thing. Let me create a custom prompt over here. So for creating a custom prompt, you will have to import something that is called the prompt template. So from the link change
Sunny Savita: underscore core dot prompts.
Sunny Savita: I'm going to import the prompt template.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: PRO. Pmt. Underscore template.
Sunny Savita: Right? I hope the spelling is correct.
Sunny Savita: It's a template. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, after getting a prompt template after importing this prompt template, let me run it.
Sunny Savita: So this spelling is also not correct. Length shield, CHAI, EN, okay, no.
Sunny Savita: it's not going to be import.
Sunny Savita: I think something is wrong. Just a second guys.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So now, perfect, we are able to import the prompt template. Now, after importing the prompt template to this particular class, I'll be passing 2 things.
Sunny Savita: The 1st thing is going to be what the 1st thing is going to be, template itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And the second thing is going to be input variable. Now, tell me, guys, in my case, how many input variables I have
Sunny Savita: input variables.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So if you will look into my input video passing guys. So here, I'm passing a caution, just a caution. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so this question, basically is going to be my input variable, this context and all everything will be taken care by this one. Only if you want to check the prompt, this, this particular prompt, you can check it out
Sunny Savita: just a second.
Sunny Savita: Let me take this prompt. Okay.
Sunny Savita: I'm just going to be. Keep it over here.
Sunny Savita: So see what it is saying. It's saying, prompt is there prompt double the input variable. 2 input type, partial variable is 0 template. So I can take the same template from here
Sunny Savita: and let me take till here only this one.
Sunny Savita: so I can take a same template, and I can keep it over here. This one you can write your own one as well. I don't have any issue, no seagulls.
Sunny Savita: So this is the template.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: now, here will be my input variable. So my input variable is going to be 2, this context. And the questions.
Sunny Savita: okay, this one.
Sunny Savita: is it clear to all of you guys, yes or no, how to create a prop like the prompt template.
Sunny Savita: Now, why I'm getting this issue because of this only. So this is my template. Okay? And here is my input variable. And this 2 input variable because of this retriever. And this questions.
Sunny Savita: sorry this context. And this question, okay, this 2 input variable would be there. Now let me do one thing, let me write it inside the prompt. Okay, prompt, is there?
Sunny Savita: So it is saying, invalid syntax. Why, it is an invalid syntax, because we have a multi-line string. Okay, so we'll have to keep it inside the triple code. This entire thing. Let me keep it inside the triple code. And now let me execute it. So still it is giving me error.
Sunny Savita: Perhaps you forgot a comma. Okay? Sorry, guys. I forgot a comma over here. Now it is perfect. So I got a prompt now, after getting a prompt guys, okay, if you will check with a prompt. So this is going to be my custom prompt. Okay, likewise, you can create a custom prompt and see it is in a same way, whatever prompt. Actually, we were fetching from the hub, this one and the prompt, basically we have created. It's the same one, yes or no. Tell me
Sunny Savita: so, either that or either this, whatever prompt I want to be used. I can use that.
Sunny Savita: Give my point, guys, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear to all of you?
Sunny Savita: Yes, now the same prompt I can use for that. Now tell me, guys, on top of this prompt, if I can write the invoke, will it work for me? Tell me.
Sunny Savita: can I write the invoke over here? So here, guys, what I'm doing? I'm just going to be, write an invoke. So first, st I'll provide my question.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I think in this way question would be there. The question is.
Sunny Savita: my name is Sunny again by the context also. So let me provide the context over here. So if I'm going to be, write a context, so context in a double code again.
Sunny Savita: So here I can write the let's say, link change is my contact.
Sunny Savita: Or I can write some fruitful question.
Sunny Savita: what is a link chain? Okay.
Sunny Savita: what is a length change? So this is the user question.
Sunny Savita: And this context, basically, this will come from the vector database. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So Link chain is very super framework.
Sunny Savita: Both Llms right?
Sunny Savita: Got it? Got it, guys. Now, if I'm going to be run this prompt dot invoke. Now here you will be able to find out the complete text. Now, finally, this text actually will be given to the model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you were thinking to me now, sorry you were asking to me now, Sunny, what we are giving to the model. Right? So this particular text. Actually, we are going going to be passed to the model. See over here. So we are saying to the model, Okay, you are an assistant for question and answering task. Use the following piece of retrieval context to answer the question, if you don't, don't answer, just say that you don't know.
Sunny Savita: Question. Use 3 sentence maximum and keep the answer, okay, concise. So yeah, this is fine. You can mention some extra and the additional instruction. So here is your question. Okay, so question is, what is the link chain? And here is the context, length. Chain is a very super framework. Now, Llm. Will analysis this entire information
Sunny Savita: and based on this particular information.
Sunny Savita: Llm. Is going to be generate on circles.
Sunny Savita: right? So if you will look into the architecture, the architecture, basically, which I have shown you this one
Sunny Savita: the architecture which I created for all of you, instead of the architecture. I kept one thing
Sunny Savita: just focus over here, guys, this one prompt here, you can see prompt query and retrieve data.
Sunny Savita: Now, did you understand how it is getting formed?
Sunny Savita: Did you get it, guys, how it is getting form. Everything prompt will be there. The return instruction
Sunny Savita: query will be there means my user question and retrieve data will be there from the vector, database. And this all the information we are passing to the Llm.
Sunny Savita: tell me, guys.
Sunny Savita: which part of the prompt is coming from the vector database. Great question guys. So if you haven't understand so far, this thing, I think you are not focusing in the class, this part will be coming. The context will be coming from the vector database guys, please.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you will have to be corporate little bit. You cannot be this much of dumb guys again. I'm saying, if you're going to work into the industry along with the smart people and the software developer and all, you could not be like this, please, guys, okay, use at least your 2010 to 20% of brain. And understand if I'm showing you the example and all everything. Okay, if you're not able to get that, revise this thing again and again. Go through with the solution
Sunny Savita: understood.
Sunny Savita: But you hard coded this in a prompt just to explain you everything is going to work by this chain, the chain, basically, which I've created over here automatically. Once I will write a code automatically, the question will be placed at the place of the question. Retrieval, retrieve. Information will come from the retriever, and here you can see the prompt model St. Output parts and all everything is working in a sync.
Sunny Savita: So here I just shown you the prompt part how the final prompt is going to be formal.
Sunny Savita: how the final prompt is going to be created.
Sunny Savita: Got it
Sunny Savita: understood? Guys tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Now, how the information is going to be passed from the vector database. See?
Sunny Savita: Let me explain you the complete flow. Okay? So if we are asking a question, this is my question.
Sunny Savita: The question will come to the the question will come over here, and the question will come to the Retriever.
Sunny Savita: Now, here, we'll find out top K. Chunks, let's say K. Is equal to 3.
Sunny Savita: So Retriever got the information retriever got the information. This one.
Sunny Savita: I have a user question over here. This one
Sunny Savita: user question, is there retrieve information? Is there this? Both information will come to the prompt.
Sunny Savita: so prompt will become how prompt will become like this!
Sunny Savita: Like what guys like this? This one.
Sunny Savita: once the prompt, will become like this, then what will happen? Tell me. Once the prompt will become like this, the information will go to the
Sunny Savita: model.
Sunny Savita: Now, model will generate output, and then final output will go to the Str output parcel
Sunny Savita: now understood or not. Tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: Is it getting clear or not?
Sunny Savita: Everything is clear, crystal clear if you will go through with it again. Now means once you will revise that like, for sure, it's going to be clear. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah, everything will happen now, over here, this one at this particular place automatically. Once we'll invoke it likewise, everything have been formed in the back end itself. Okay.
Sunny Savita: set up a little offensive on the asking of the comments. No, we have to be like hard sometimes. Shiva Kumar. See, we are not going to be harsh now, like, people will not think about themselves. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Because I'm telling you this with my experience. Because, see if I'm not telling you, this thing is as of. Now, currently, you will face the same thing in industry later on. So do it right now, understand? Currently. Okay.
Sunny Savita: good.
Sunny Savita: perfect. Now let's do one thing, guys let me give you the assignment. So 1st of all, do one thing. Try to like. See? 1st of all, do one thing, guys, or try to be like a complete this particular solution with the appropriate data.
Sunny Savita: Not a strict teacher. Okay. So 1st of all, guys do one thing, try to be complete this particular solution. With the actual data, you can take the any Pdf and all you can use the previous example only. But tell me, guys is, everything is clear or not. I think I don't need to explain you anything else. Apart from this one
Sunny Savita: means I clarify everything. Whatever part was there in terms of the article, sorry architecture and the theoretical concept, as well as the practical example and all. Okay. Now let me give you the assignment. So here is a couple of thing. With respect, the assignment. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so here I'm writing post complete the remaining part of this notebook.
Sunny Savita: Okay, create a proper rack
Sunny Savita: noted.
Sunny Savita: Then, guys.
Sunny Savita: second, assignment is
Sunny Savita: second assignment is what I can write. Take up Pdf with text image table.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: First, st fetch the data from Pdf, second, restore 8 inside the vector, database.
Sunny Savita: Use any of them.
Sunny Savita: First, st Mongodb, second, astra, dB, 3, rd open search.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: And 4, th one, you can use the
Sunny Savita: basically this one Milvius. Okay, coordinate on Milvius anything you can. I? If I'm pronouncing wrong, let me check out with the correct spelling.
Sunny Savita: It's a Milvis. No Melvius or Melvis. I thing need to check that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Bill was use the middlewares. Right? So Mongodb, extra open search. Yeah, mailverse. Right then, guys.
Sunny Savita: could you?
Sunny Savita: Oh, a retriever.
Sunny Savita: Sorry.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Create a index with all 3 index mechanism.
Sunny Savita: Mech mechanism.
Sunny Savita: 1st is a flat index.
Sunny Savita: Seconded Snsw, there's the Ivr, okay, now, create.
Sunny Savita: E, the retriever pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Okay, and check the okay, here, what you can do, guys
Sunny Savita: use any of them fetch the data from the Pdf, take a Pdf, I can write, take a multiple Pdf
Sunny Savita: multiple periods with Texas images and table. Okay, fetch the data from the Pdf.
Sunny Savita: and at least there should be
Sunny Savita: at least there bare minimum. There should be
Sunny Savita: 200 pages. Okay, then store inside the vector, database. So here, after this one, if chunking is required.
Sunny Savita: if chunking required.
Sunny Savita: do
Sunny Savita: Chan, and then embedding M.
Sunny Savita: Embedding. Okay? So if Chunky do chunking and then embedding right, then it stored inside the vector, database. Any of them you can use create an index with all the 3 mechanism like flat Hnsw, Ivf. Not create a retriever pipeline
Sunny Savita: check the retriever.
Sunny Savita: Fine. Okay, which one is a hospice.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Use.
Sunny Savita: See here what you can do
Sunny Savita: check the retriever time, which one is the fastest. Now print off accuracy a school of every similarity
Sunny Savita: suck.
Sunny Savita: Okay, then keep the threshold.
Sunny Savita: If you want to do it right.
Sunny Savita: So print the accuracy score of every similarity. Search. Keep the threshold of every sorry keep the threshold
Sunny Savita: of keep the threshold if you want to do it, or else you can remove this one otherwise necessary. You will be confusing, because I already mentioned the threshold part. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so print the accuracy score for each and every similar research, right? I hope, till here everything is fine now. So after that, guys what you will have to do.
Sunny Savita: perform the a rewriting using either
Sunny Savita: we use it?
Sunny Savita: Bm, 25 or Mmr, okay.
Sunny Savita: so guys, this 2 technique is a good one for the re-ranking. You can use the Bm 25. Technique for the keyword and all. And here is a Mmr. Now, chunking wise.
Sunny Savita: Use the semantic, shunking northern.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Use the cementing chicken cube technique like
Sunny Savita: for perform the re-ranking, either using Bmm. Bm, 25, or mmr.
Sunny Savita: That.
Sunny Savita: Oh, then write a prompt
Sunny Savita: template, okay, and generate, output, generate a output group alone, and render that output
Sunny Savita: render that output over the dots.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So see, this is a complete assignment.
Sunny Savita: right? So this is going to be a complete project itself. And believe me, guys, if you are able to complete this particular project.
Sunny Savita: if you are able to complete this particular project right as it is, you can explain in an interview. And believe me, if you're going to be explained this particular.
Sunny Savita: if in this particular use case in an interview, as it is, there is a higher chances. That interview will select you. Okay, in the near future I'll give you a couple of more. Now, whatever thing I'm not discuss. Let me highlight this thing.
Sunny Savita: I haven't discussed this thing.
Sunny Savita: If I haven't discussed them, you need to explore.
Sunny Savita: That's it, guys. I'm not going to explain you and add an additional tip as a additional lip.
Sunny Savita: You can follow rag or playlist.
Sunny Savita: Right playlist from mine.
Sunny Savita: You, too. Okay, most of the part you will get from there right now. I haven't discussed that. You need to explore this part
Sunny Savita: which one I haven't discussed. Then I haven't discussed this part. You need to explore this one.
Sunny Savita: Check the retriever time faster. Okay, even read ranking. All see? Ivf and Hnsw, I haven't discussed right? And this database also, you have to export. Okay, so, guys, this is a complete assignment. Tell me, will you do it or not?
Sunny Savita: Will you do it? Guys will be fast.
Sunny Savita: Yes, okay. Now, after completing it.
Sunny Savita: Okay. After completing it, keep it on your Github, and share that link on my mail.
Sunny Savita: I do.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Sn message, right?
Sunny Savita: Vs. 3, 3, 6, 5@therategmail.com. Okay and share the assignment in your
Sunny Savita: community chat as well.
Sunny Savita: But I gave Kurish right sunny.
Sunny Savita: clear guys tell me, yes or no.
Sunny Savita: And the deadline is
Sunny Savita: Bill priority.
Sunny Savita: Okay, till Friday. I can consider up to 9 o'clock till Friday 9. 0, Globe
Sunny Savita: understood. Guys tell me, is it clear or not? The complete assignment is clear.
Sunny Savita: Yes, Shyam, whatever doubt you have, you can ask me in a doubt session. Okay.
Sunny Savita: please explain his 1st question. What we need to do 1, st 1st means, first, st complete this. Remaining notebook. Okay, first, st complete the remaining.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just a second remaining part of this notebook. Okay.
Sunny Savita: this is the second assignment. This
Sunny Savita: guys tell me how many of you you will do it.
Sunny Savita: 9 Pm. Or 9 Am. 9 a. Pm, okay, 9 pm. Guy is
Sunny Savita: subkutcha, yeah, exact exact match.
Sunny Savita: That's good.
Sunny Savita: Okay, perfect. So guys, I think I have done with the rag. Means this vector database and all. Whatever task I got now from next class onwards, we'll start with the agents. Okay, in rag
Sunny Savita: only this much of thing we are going to be discussed.
Sunny Savita: But if we are going to be, launch any specific course on top of the rack, right? So for sure. We'll discuss out so many things in very depth. Okay, so do you want that course like from my end? Tell me, guys, if you want, then
Sunny Savita: we'll we'll launch. I'll launch it. I will launch it maybe within like one or 2 months. Okay? First, st I'll be preparing the content in a like in a very comprehensive manner. Then, only we'll think about it. Okay, so fine guys agent Wise, we'll start from next class itself. So we'll start from the lang graph.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Christ asked me to complete about couple of concept regarding a Langra. We'll see from next class onwards. So guys the next, the topic of the next class is going to be lang graph. And this is going to be our 1st agent. So from here, guys, our agentic session is going to be start
Sunny Savita: agentic sessions is going to be start, and that will be your main sessions.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so Saturday agentic sessions. And this will be a main session. And first, st we'll start from the Lang Drop itself. Lcl. Langshin Drag. Now it is not required. This much information is enough for all of you guys. Okay.
Sunny Savita: But your video will do that. Okay, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: Now, guys, I can share this code. And all, 1st of all, sell me. Okay, guys, last time I'm asking, then I'll close the session. Is this clear or not? This entire one?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it will be available in the resource section also. Okay, good. Now, this is a topic for the next class. Okay, fine. I'm gipping all the data, and I'll provide to you guys. Should I keep all this thing over the Github, I think. Isn't it that much easy, right compared to the jib?
Sunny Savita: No, okay, I'll check, maybe from the next class. Now
Sunny Savita: push it over the Github. Okay, we'll we'll I'll create one private rep. Okay, there, I'll push it over.
Sunny Savita: I don't know why Chris is doing the gyp of it.
Sunny Savita: Dip is good, or is it
Sunny Savita: agent? Tech? Right will come first.st We'll learn about the agenda. Then only the agent ticket will come. Okay.
Sunny Savita: what about the database? Caching in rag, caching, and all everything? See, there is a like hundreds of concept in a rag itself. If you are going to be teased that now. So you will only ask, sir. I enroll in agent tech course you are teaching rag for the next 3 to 4 months. Where is the agent?
Sunny Savita: Okay, please understand. So, Omgar rag, I would say, it's a like a very comprehensive with a detail topic. Okay, the chapter itself.
Sunny Savita: I suggested, suggested to Krishna. Even we discussed the last week, sir. In a same way. Can we launch one more course for the
Sunny Savita: basically this agents also.
Sunny Savita: So sorry this rag also. So yeah, we are thinking about that. Maybe we'll do it. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So vector, database I created
Sunny Savita: when the Llm. Ops is launching Llm. Ops is launching on 13th of July.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we I understand that. But, as I told you know, as a like the the live class itself, we have still some limitations. Okay, regarding this right topics. And also, you can like explore that part. If you have any sort of issue in doubt, or we can discuss on top of it. Okay, so did you get a like a file. Guys, yes or no. Should I send you again
Sunny Savita: if you got it? Then please do let me know an entire
Sunny Savita: this task, and all, everything is there itself. Okay.
Sunny Savita: and let me post this task. Now, inside the group
Sunny Savita: rag with memory rag with this, that
Sunny Savita: just the second I I'll give you the workaround a little, the rag with memory and all everything. Okay, let's just
Sunny Savita: so you can take a task from here as well.
Sunny Savita: If you want to learn rag with memory. Now, just a second, I'm giving you the video. Guys, I recorded everything. Okay, if you want to learn additionally, now you can learn from there
Sunny Savita: again. I'm not forcing. I'm just giving you the solution. It's up to you.
Sunny Savita: If you want to learn if you don't want to learn. Okay.
Sunny Savita: don't say later on, sir. You're sharing your Youtube video, this that
Sunny Savita: follow the Llm. Ops. Timing 2 o'clock afternoon, 2 o'clock. Okay.
Sunny Savita: okay. So see, let me show you the
Sunny Savita: memory wise. So once you will go through with my Youtube channel. Just look into my older videos, okay, which I uploaded 4 to 5 months back, 6 months back, right? So what you can do now is from here. You can start this one
Sunny Savita: or rag. See, Rag is also there, around 40 to 50. Video, you will find out regarding the rag and memory wise. Now see
Sunny Savita: language and crash course, Chatbot, with memory, rag with memory, langction, memory, langction, memory, langction, memory. Lcl, okay. See Lcl. Laction, memory, langction, memory, langction, memory rag with memory, Chatbot, memory, and inside even the language and crash course. Also I discuss the memory.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, hypothetical, embedding sentence, window retriever, apparent document, retriever, self query, retriever, contextual retriever, flash, read anchor, read anchor all the read anchor, long fusion and all long context reorder guys just take a name. Bm, 25,
Sunny Savita: right? Just take a name. I discuss each and every type of read Anchor and Retriever. Okay, so if you are willing to watch it, you can watch and force your guys, you will get something. It's my promise. Okay? If not, if it won't get anything. If it is not adding any value, you can unsubscribe the channel or
Sunny Savita: like. Don't even see. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Fine.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Vijay, I got that. But regarding the udemy, I don't have any update as of now, maybe like Krista will discuss about it, or as of now, we are not sharing any sort of a link, and all whatever we have provided. We have provided the 1st session itself. Okay, whenever the new coupon will come, sir, will share that. Okay, don't worry.
Sunny Savita: Perfect guys. Thank you. Thank you for joining the session. Bye, bye, take care! And I'm not going to discuss anything new now. And this notes and all everything will be available guys in the resource section this one. So for that, you will have to wait until the video is not getting uploaded. Okay, regarding this notes and all, thank you. Yeah. So guys, if you don't have any doubt you can drop the session. If you have any doubt, be here.
Sunny Savita: and I'll start with the doubt session. We'll take 5 min of break just quick water break. Okay? And after that we'll start with the doubt session. Okay, thank you. Bye, bye, take care we'll see you in the next week. And yeah.
Sunny Savita: thank you. Guys, take care.
Sunny Savita: Let me put the timer for the 5 min. Okay.
Sunny Savita: okay, guys, I'm I'll meet you after 5 min. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: And don't worry about rest of the resources, or it would be available in the resource section. Okay. By end of the day you will get all the one. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, guys. So let's start with the doubt session. If you have any sort of a doubt I can resolve that.
Sunny Savita: You can raise the hand. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. So let's start with the doubt session.
Sunny Savita: Guys, please raise your hand, and I'll be unmuting to you.
Sunny Savita: So, Tejasvi, what's your doubt? Tejasvi pawan, is there? Subra? Is there, guys? Please go ahead.
tejashvi: Oh, yeah, Hi, sunny
tejashvi: sunny, I have doubt. So suppose while uploading the data right means while we are doing
tejashvi: so, suppose that if I, if I have the Pdf text and the web link, for example, so can I do all 3 things and combine all these 3 things into one, and directly upload, and I can retrieve.
Sunny Savita: No, see, it's assignment, sir. 1st of all, show me your approach. Then we'll discuss on it. Okay, there could be multiple approaches. Just try it out your ones. Then I'll give you like other solution. Okay? Because I know I'll get a multiple solution and we'll discuss on it. Okay.
tejashvi: Okay, okay? So related to one. Suppose if this we have uploaded the data right? And we retrieve, and we get the answer right. So whenever the next time we I again talking about the promo TV again, I restart. And the I start run all the same. So again it get uploaded, or it will check that this document already present with this index, so it will not upload. How does it work.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can write that particular logic. Right? If the new data is coming. Okay, you can verify that first, st whether it is available or not, and then you can store it. Okay, it's all about the logic and all that side.
tejashvi: Okay, man, it means that whenever I run it will upload. If I have not written the logic right.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct.
tejashvi: Okay. So it happened with the chroma dB, or all other Dv. With.
Sunny Savita: Any vector database.
tejashvi: Any vector, in the cloud? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
tejashvi: Okay. Okay. Sure. Sure.
tejashvi: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Thank you. Okay. Thank you, sir.
Subhra: Hey! Hi! Sunny!
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so anyone is there guys.
Subhra: So sunny thanks for calling civilian session.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Subhra: But first, st actually, we have already create 1 1 solution for our our organization.
Subhra: This is almost I mean would say, but there is some problem. So I need some guidance from you, because what have you.
Sunny Savita: Sorry. Sorry. Can you be little louder, sir.
Subhra: Yeah, is it clear? Now.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's clear. Yeah, please.
Subhra: Okay? So on the problem statement, it's like that.
Subhra: We are using aws. Okay? And where we for the Llm model we are using, and we are extracting the data from multiple sources, mostly are coming from the mails. Okay? And we're extracting higher. Pdf, we convert into the Pdf because using Rp. Logic. We are extracting the mail, reading the mails and converting to the Pdf. And if there is, the attachment is the Pdf. That we are also keeping as a feed.
Subhra: Now, after this, Pdf, we are converting this period to better TV using using
Subhra: currently, it, highest. Okay.
Subhra: And what problem is, we are facing that
Subhra: sometimes we are missing some data. Suppose in a 1 Cba, we have a on tabular format or unstructured tabular format.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Subhra: There are a hundred records 100 rows up here, so we are missing sometimes, 1015 rows.
Subhra: Is it related to the Victor dB, which we have considered or is something else might be because 5 pdf, we are using text, we are using okay to convert everything. If we are sure that we are not missing anything, as if there any images also. But the problem is that still we are missing some cases
Subhra: that okay, there is a. Suppose we are supposed to be, get a hundred rows or hundreds line from that particular Pdf, but we are receiving able to capture 70 row, so is there any anything related to the vector TV which we have considered, or something else.
Sunny Savita: So where you are missing while retrieving you are missing, or while you storing, you are validating a data. At that time you are missing.
Subhra: Or during the clock.
Sunny Savita: During.
Subhra: Retriever.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that's the issue of the retrieval only means you need to apply some good retrieval techniques. Okay, good retrieval approach. So let's say, you have a Pdf, okay, you ask some question to the Pdf.
Sunny Savita: Okay, regarding your data.
Subhra: Right now, you will retrieve that particular data from the vector database because you have a story of Pdf inside the vector database itself.
Sunny Savita: So let's say you have asked the question, and you mentioned the chunk size is equal to 50.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now in those 50 chunk, if you're not able to get your entire data, then what you will do, you will mention some higher value. In that case you will mention some K is equal t070-80-0120, whatever it could be. Okay.
Subhra: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: The best approach is just just retrieve all the chunks. Okay, let's say, yeah, you have
Sunny Savita: 1,000 chunk. I would suggest you retrieve at least half of the chunk, 50% of chunk, and then on top of it, apply the re-ranking, so it will give you the best and possible answer in the re-ranking itself. If you're not getting all the chunk that it is fine.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Lm, is capable to understand the rest of the context.
Sunny Savita: Okay. But I would suggest you increase your K number, play with that hyperparameter and use some good retrieval technique. Play with the indexes, use the exact search. Okay, use some, like the cosines, check with the cosine similarity and all, whether it is a proper normalize or not. Okay, fetch out that score. Please make sure that it is not coming more than one. Okay, if it is not normalized.
Subhra: So so it's might be the problem with the chunking and the retrieval. So.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Subhra: It might not be the.
Sunny Savita: Just need to be defined. Your retrieval in retrieval pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so we don't have any problem with headset. dB, right?
Sunny Savita: No, not a vector, dB, if the every data is getting stored over there in that case you need to be retrieved in a correct way. That's it.
Subhra: Oh, oh, thank you, thank you. That's awesome.
Pawan: Yeah, sunny in the continuation of Subra's question. Maybe Subra can also give you the input
Pawan: the scenario which I study mentioned with the merged rows and columns, tabular data. And Pdf.
Pawan: I tried your approach. What you said fetching it with the Xml. So I mean in the Xml format itself. It is not giving the noise panel.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Pawan: So. I'm not sure, since Subra said that he's only.
Subhra: Didn't use that. I didn't use that. Xml format. We have used the text format. Okay, so that we can read the different.
Pawan: Do you have the do? You have the merged rows and columns? Tabular data in Pdm.
Subhra: No, no, actually. Why, why, I'm not using Xml. There is a different type. Vendors we have and mail are unstructured. There is a thousands of people are sending the mails and the Pd.
Pawan: No, Xml is not the Xml is not the core use case. That is what approach I yeah.
Pawan: performed on the suggestion of sunny. My core use case is that I have a Pdf. Inside that there is a table which has merged rows and columns.
Pawan: So are you handling this similar scenario or not, but.
Subhra: Yeah, yeah, we are handling the scenario. We don't have this type of we have the scenario. But if it is a proper format is there. We are not facing some process, but but the problem which I am facing which Fanny has explained it seems like that that need to be work.
Pawan: So are you getting the merged rows and columns data.
Subhra: Hey, Elliott.
Pawan: Which library are you using? Can you tell me.
Subhra: Live period. I need to just ping you later on, because I need to go through that along. Because but okay, I'll pass to you, just ping me on that Linkedin profile. I'll provide you that.
Pawan: Okay. Sudha.
Subhra: Thanks for coming.
Pawan: So sunny. I will.
Pawan: for this. Second question is you? Said the printing the accuracy score. So can you please tell me. I mean how I mean I already asked that how we can print the similarity score in the result and the accuracy score. What do you mean by accuracy score, and how we will print it.
Sunny Savita: Similarity score means the accuracy score. Okay, both are same. See? Once you will retrieve a data. Now, okay, so with respect to every chunk. You need to showcase their accuracy, score or similarity score. Okay.
Pawan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yep.
Pawan: Thank you.
anvv sharma: A high.
Sunny Savita: Exactly.
anvv sharma: This is Sharma.
anvv sharma: I just pinged in the chat the screenshot. I don't see any resources. Under my login actually.
Sunny Savita: Can you? Can you share your screen, sir? I'm adding in a panelist, Okay.
anvv sharma: Okay, can you just yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure anil. What's your doubt? Anil.
Anil Gaikwad: Actually, I'm facing issue in a code.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Anil Gaikwad: While creating fiss. Instance.
Sunny Savita: Okay, share the screen. I'll check that. Okay.
anvv sharma: You are able to see my screen, or.
Sunny Savita: No, I cannot see. Can you share?
anvv sharma: One second. Let me share my screen.
anvv sharma: Let me know if you are able to see my screen.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes, we will, we will.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now it is visible.
anvv sharma: You're able to see. Right? So this is
Sunny Savita: No, no, sir, do one thing. Check out with the live session. See, there is a section live session
Sunny Savita: right hand side
Sunny Savita: below, below. See! Live sessions.
Anil Gaikwad: In a content class one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, click on it.
Sunny Savita: Click on any of the video. Yeah, see resources.
anvv sharma: Okay. No. I. Okay, fine. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
anvv sharma: Thanks, sunny thanks
anvv sharma: for your great session, Sunny. So the explanation and the conceptually it was great. I would say.
Sunny Savita: Oh, thank you so much.
anvv sharma: Thanks thanks for helping out.
Sunny Savita: Anil. Please share your screen.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes!
Anil Gaikwad: Is it visible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it is visible.
Anil Gaikwad: So here I'm using right now, Jamie.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Anil Gaikwad: And while creating index, I'm facing issue.
Anil Gaikwad: So here you can see.
Sunny Savita: What is the issue?
Anil Gaikwad: Just a minute.
Sunny Savita: Executed, run it once.
Anil Gaikwad: Just pop up the screen.
Anil Gaikwad: There, you can see I created Agentic AI index. But
Anil Gaikwad: I check when I try to check agent here. I'm getting false.
Sunny Savita: Correct. It is right.
Anil Gaikwad: Why?
Sunny Savita: 1st execute. Now line number 30, the cell number 38 execute it.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes, I already executed.
Sunny Savita: In the if not index name. Wait, wait, wait.
Sunny Savita: index name, if not igonal conditioning a little.
Sunny Savita: Sorry if it's not okay.
Sunny Savita: Oh, not on it.
Sunny Savita: See now different issue. Check once.
Sunny Savita: Alpha. Numerical character, invalid argument. Show me the name. What you are written.
Sunny Savita: Remove this underscore agent to control.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, yeah. Note on it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, not on it again.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay, thank you. And another one is.
Anil Gaikwad: it is found on a strategy session.
Sunny Savita: You are on it.
Anil Gaikwad: Here you can see we created one instance of Afi afi iss when I try to
Anil Gaikwad: add document in that.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Anil Gaikwad: Alright sorry. Hello
Anil Gaikwad: when I'm checking similarity, giving the error
Anil Gaikwad: output is truncated.
Sunny Savita: What you are doing. Show me
Sunny Savita: vector, store similarity. Search. No, no, show me that. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Show me the vector, store where you created.
Anil Gaikwad: There!
Sunny Savita: Vector store embedding index in the memory.
Sunny Savita: Oh, create this vector index, do it run it.
Anil Gaikwad: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Wait! Wait! Wait, sir, don't do much stall. Wait!
Sunny Savita: Show me the.
Anil Gaikwad: No.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now, store the document over here.
Sunny Savita: Roll slowly.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Store the document inside this one. Create a different index. Write a different index. Whatever you created earlier. Okay.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay, just a moment.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, keep this document over there in the next cell, right after that. Okay, and create a new one.
Sunny Savita: No, no, wait. Wait 1st store the index. Just write a new name of the index, store the document there, and then perform the similarity, search.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes!
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: vector, store.
Sunny Savita: oh.
Anil Gaikwad: A credit flat.
Sunny Savita: Voice and index you created. Okay, not on it.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Anil Gaikwad: No crediting.
Sunny Savita: Do one thing, store the data there.
Sunny Savita: we store the data. First, st we store the data
Sunny Savita: store, the data, 1st store, the data.
Sunny Savita: scroll down, scroll down, take all the document and store it.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, scroll down, please.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Take all this document and keep it there.
Sunny Savita: Copy this copy this one and keep it there
Sunny Savita: before this one. Huh? Correct.
Sunny Savita: Now wait, scroll down, show me the uid and everything is correct or not.
Sunny Savita: Remove, see? Store the data, add the document and remove this. yeah. Remove this uid one also. This 1 first, st commit.
Sunny Savita: No, no, remove the command. No from there.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Comment. Command, yeah, not on it.
Anil Gaikwad: Same output is truncated.
Sunny Savita: No, it is not truncated. Is it? Scroll up
Sunny Savita: what you are doing here? Scroll up.
Sunny Savita: Wait, then, wait. Okay, wait, please.
Sunny Savita: Here Uuid is showing document
Sunny Savita: scroll down. Everything seems perfect now. Why, you are getting the assertion. Error!
Sunny Savita: Remove this uid and all remove this uid comment it once.
Anil Gaikwad: I also try that one.
Sunny Savita: Oh, no!
Sunny Savita: Restart the kernel once kernel, kernel, restart the kernel.
Sunny Savita: Why, you kept this 3.10 and all in the name of this environment.
Anil Gaikwad: Actually, I have multiple for the testing purpose, I created multiple environment. I tried both the version python 3.10 and python, 3.12, as well.
Sunny Savita: Give me the access of your screen right?
Anil Gaikwad: Oh, okay.
Anil Gaikwad: open the screen, share certain information.
Sunny Savita: Okay, leave it. Let's later on. You can give it to me. 1st check after restarting a kernel. Okay? And keep it on this one
Sunny Savita: save auto, save. Okay. Go inside the file and keep it on auto. Save check with the header header, header, header.
Sunny Savita: Click on the file.
Sunny Savita: Hello, anil.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Click on the file above header, header. You can see header right?
Sunny Savita: Hello!
Anil Gaikwad: Hello here!
Sunny Savita: Anil what I'm saying. Click on the file header over the header. You can see the file option right? File edit selection correct.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Click on the file.
Sunny Savita: Your skin is freeze. Please reshare it again. Okay, please.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Please reshare it until fast.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah, keep go with the file. File. Click on file
Sunny Savita: file, file. Yeah, click on auto, save 1st auto save below.
Sunny Savita: Hmm!
Sunny Savita: Now do one thing, restart your kernel. Have you restarted your kernel.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now do one thing go with the 1st cell. Go with the 1st cell of your file
Sunny Savita: run it, run it slowly. Yeah, run it. Run this one
Sunny Savita: load environment. But put the parenthesis there.
Sunny Savita: Parentheses follow the quotes that I shared with you. Now, right.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, run it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now, run this one load the model.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, run it, run it. Yeah. Now, run this cell also.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, create the index create this vector, store files.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, rodent.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, do one thing run this one
Sunny Savita: scroll down, scroll down, please.
Anil Gaikwad: Oh yes!
Sunny Savita: Are you scrolling down.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, do it, please.
Anil Gaikwad: I need to restart with Vs code.
Sunny Savita: Okay, do it, sir. Okay, it will work. If it is not, I'll check again. Okay, please do.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, until I can take the other notes.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Amita, at you guys, please go ahead.
atriyo: Yeah, or through the search. I mean.
atriyo: yeah. So, Sandy, this is a question related to the last week's assignment. So while we are asking the Llm. Models regarding something or some topics which is pretty much new.
atriyo: so like in case of the last week's assignment. So I asked the Llm about a about a mobile phone that has been launched recently. So still it is giving me the answer. And sometimes so like on multiple iterations. Sometimes it is giving the correct answer, or sometimes it is giving the wrong answer. So I can understand that it is giving the wrong answer, because the information is relatively new, and the model is quite old and trending quite
atriyo: old data. But how come it is giving the correct data as well? So is it something like it is searching through the Internet as well.
Sunny Savita: Sir Crystal has given you that assignment. Is it.
atriyo: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, because I was not in that class. Can you brief me about the assignment.
atriyo: Okay, can I share my screen?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share, and adding a panelist, yeah, Ravi, what's your doubt? Ravi?
Ravi USA: Yeah,
Ravi USA: Hi, sir. So, yeah, I just want to know, like, related to this rack pipelines when we are implementing it in a production environment. We will get data, not just as a static source, but with a lot of documents uploaded every day, or a lot of sources
Ravi USA: constantly getting updated incrementally. So how can we update the index in such a way that we don't need to rerun every the I mean recompute the index every time with the full data, and just go with the incremental uploads. And still the index works. Well
Ravi USA: like. Maybe you may have mentioned this before, but just want to know this. Because I missed that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so how much data you have like, how much data you're getting on a daily basis.
Ravi USA: It's not like a specific. Actually, right now, I'm not working on rack. But I know that I work in data engineering. So we will be getting a lot of data like in gigabytes. And maybe some 50 GB. Something like that. So yeah, is there a mechanism for that?
Sunny Savita: There is a 2, 2 to 3 ways. You can check
Sunny Savita: when you will check with the database itself. Let's say files. Okay? So in the files itself, they have given you the option for the incremental means. There is a 1 method. Add method. Okay, so let's say, if you're getting a data. Okay, the data incremental data, you have to add inside your vector database. Okay, so you can simply call that add method. And inside the previous index itself, it will add the data.
Sunny Savita: That's the 1st thing.
Ravi USA: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Got it. Now, the second thing, basically in the other vector databases. Also, if you will look into the pinecone today, I taught you the pinecone right in the pinecone. Also, they have given you the SIM similar kind of functionality, absurd functionality. Okay? So if you're going to be used, that absurd functionality on the same index. So again, in the same index itself, it's going to be at the new data points.
Sunny Savita: Got it so the moral of the story in every basically database itself, they have given you those specific function, you can utilize those, and you can upload your data in the same index in an incremental way. Got it.
Ravi USA: Okay, yeah. And the 3rd one or is it the same thing?
Ravi USA: You said 3 ways, right?
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Sunny Savita: what you said at the last.
Ravi USA: Yeah, you said 3 ways. So these are the 2 ways. And the 1st way is, Yeah.
Sunny Savita: 3rd way is basically, let's say, if it is not there. Okay, then try to find out some basically the custom way, logic, creation and all. Okay, if you can do it means let's say there is a method. Add document in the files right.
Ravi USA: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So we can like that. Whenever the new data is coming, we can detect that. And we can like store that specific data itself. Okay, so this 3 ways out there, you can check it out that. And for sure, one will work. Okay, means in the same index. Now, we can upload the data. We can upload the payload incremental payload. Okay, that is possible.
Ravi USA: Okay? Okay, yeah. And if this, if it is a situation where we have to, we have some stale data in the index or we need some data to be deleted, or some data is already updated. So is there any such kind of functionality even for that? Also, like the selective deletion, or select to update of the index.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct. That is also possible. Selective, the uid we have created. Now, right today
Sunny Savita: itself, you can pick up that specific uid or the indexing index, basically, and you can delete the specific row. And all this is also possible.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so the 3rd operation.
Ravi USA: That's possible.
Ravi USA: Okay, okay, so do you have any more? Any more a use case for that or any any examples that you can provide? Basically.
Sunny Savita: So you can do one thing you can check out with the documentation itself directly. Okay? Or else you can take a help of any of the like. The chat app you can check out with the cloud or block. Okay. There, you can find out the details. Okay.
Ravi USA: Okay, okay, yeah, okay, like, see, I'm looking for. So all this thing is like, when we are generating the retriever. So all these things will be there right like so can I put it? Have it as a pipeline like set it up as a pipeline. Where, the Retriever will be updated periodically. Something like that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, obviously, sir, why not?
Sunny Savita: You can do it. Okay?
Ravi USA: Okay, okay, yeah, thank you, sir. Yeah. And also like, one small request like, the people having from different time zones they will be having midnight. They'll be working like staying in here too late. So if it's possible, would request you to give them priority first, st while ask, while giving the opportunity for questions.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah. Sure you can. Write in the chat. Okay, I will unmute you. Got it. Ravi.
Ravi USA: Okay. Okay. Yeah. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Ravi USA: Great session. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Just a second guys coming to you. What what you doubt? Tell me, please.
atriyo: So unlike the in the last week's assignment. It was like, we need the product details based on that. We need to. We need a description as well, and we need the price of the product in Usd, so I have formulated the prompt in this way.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
atriyo: So when I am calling like about when I'm asking about a product that has been very recently launched
atriyo: using the o 1 Mini model. So I'm sometimes getting so every time I'm getting the details. But sometimes I'm getting the very correct details, like the type of the processor that it has been used or the quality of the camera. But sometimes I'm getting the wrong details. So I I understand that we are getting the wrong details, because the Llm model is not trained with this very much recent data. But how come we are getting the correct details
atriyo: as well.
Sunny Savita: So is that
Sunny Savita: only, sir. See, sir, see before that, only we have taught you the rag. Now you didn't understand the use case of the rag.
atriyo: But we are not implementing any rag over here right.
Sunny Savita: We are not implementing, but we have to implement it for for like dealing with this kind of hallucinations.
Sunny Savita: okay.
atriyo: I understand about the hallucination part that it is giving the wrong answer. But I'm asking like how it is giving the correct answer exact correct answer.
Sunny Savita: Actually, what happens now like that? More change.
Sunny Savita: We don't know the exact policy of the open AI and all okay in a waterway. Basically, they are going to be trained the model right? So whenever you are hitting the Api of that Openai Api, maybe
Sunny Savita: the model have been trained on the recent ask question some kind of mechanism they have applied over there. Okay, so it might be possible. It is giving you the correct answer. It is not giving the correct answer. You have to handle that hallucination. If it is giving the correct answer to check with their Api policies right? How frequently they are training the model. Got it?
atriyo: Okay, yeah, okay. But it's not like that. It's searching the Internet to face the correct data.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, no, no! This is not like that.
Sunny Savita: True.
atriyo: Okay, okay, yeah, fine. And one more thing like, whenever. So you mentioned about sharing a Github link. So I think it will be helpful for us as well. If you could share the details in the github as well. So like every time so you are. You have shared yesterday as well, and the different version of the files are getting shared today as well. So maintaining the versions in our side is also getting a bit difficult. So if you could provide the details in the Github, so we can have a post.
atriyo: and then things will get sorted easier, because in the upcoming sessions. So more related things will come, and more different versions will come for a same thing in different classes.
atriyo: So if you could, side by side, provide a Github link as well. So it will be helpful for us.
Sunny Savita: Sure. Sure I will. I will take care of it. Okay, don't worry.
atriyo: Yeah, thank, you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you. So okay, 3 0 is done. Now.
Anil Gaikwad: It's not working. I'm unable. Can I resend this one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, share your screen.
Sunny Savita: Which Umantu version you have.
Anil Gaikwad: 22.0 4.
Sunny Savita: 22 right show me. Show me one more time your code.
Sunny Savita: Same error. You're getting.
Anil Gaikwad: Yes. Getting assertional.
Sunny Savita: Initialize your work vector store once.
Anil Gaikwad: Being.
Sunny Savita: Maybe now there is a issue with the version, only I think so. Just give me this entire error and paste it inside the chat.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: yeah, what's your doubt? Or you can ask. Meanwhile, yeah, please put patients at the chat. Okay, I'll check in there.
Sunny Savita: Anyone. Is there guys.
srihari Vanga: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Merlin, then, serie Ari, yeah, please.
milind kulkarni: Go ahead, Sherry, I'll do it after you. Then.
srihari Vanga: Yeah.
srihari Vanga: sunny. Actually, then, prompt you mentioned in the rag, actually, one of the parameter, this prompt and user query, prompt, we have to prepare explicitly ourselves are automatically welcome.
Sunny Savita: No, you have to write a custom. Prompt, sir. Okay.
srihari Vanga: Yeah, that means every provider different prompts will be understanding that that is our. We are the responsible for that prompts as well.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Got it. We'll have to write a custom form, sir.
srihari Vanga: No, it is complexity increases now. To maintain the different vendors, different prompts.
Sunny Savita: But that actually what you can do now, you can create one separate jason or dictionary itself. Okay, then, you can maintain a different different version of the prompt with the different keys. Okay.
srihari Vanga: Okay, then, yeah, thank you. Then.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: You haven't provide me a complete error until provide me the complete. Not till assertion. Just click on this error part click on this scrollable element, click on it.
Sunny Savita: scrollable element, scrollable elements or scrollable element.
Sunny Savita: View as a scrollable element. See?
Sunny Savita: Output is truncated. Now, click on it, click on the assertion.
Sunny Savita: assertion, error, assertion, error. Now press, control a control, a now copied and paste it there.
Sunny Savita: Think some what boundaries we have
Sunny Savita: from your data, Jara, like, how have you captured data in a documents.
Anil Gaikwad: I just copy pasted from the document.
Sunny Savita: Check with the embedic model. Is it working or not?
Sunny Savita: Write any query or check embedding dot embed? Query. Do it.
Anil Gaikwad: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Check once. Here, you know, file
Sunny Savita: yeah. Embedding dot embed query.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, which embedding model you are using this only right?
Anil Gaikwad: Oh yes!
Sunny Savita: Right now length and check the length. Also. Run it.
Anil Gaikwad: It's working.
Sunny Savita: Where is working?
Sunny Savita: Oh, now, check the length once length, length, right? The length plan. Function. Lem. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Don't mention in the variable right the line only. How?
Sunny Savita: What is it?
Anil Gaikwad: 3, 0, 7, 2.
Sunny Savita: How? 3 0 7, 4. Now check your dimensions.
Sunny Savita: What you mentioned see 3, 0 7, 2, right, and check with the dimension.
Anil Gaikwad: While you are creating index.
Sunny Savita: Voice, index. Oh, 3, 8, 4.
Anil Gaikwad: Is it right?
Sunny Savita: Check once again, once again.
Sunny Savita: What is what was the length check?
Sunny Savita: So check.
milind kulkarni: There's directly the lane function there, right in that index itself. So there won't be any problem.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can mention the length also, instead, the index function that is also fine. Now run it create a web files.
Sunny Savita: No, no, don't do it right now, not there.
Sunny Savita: Find out. Remove this one.
Sunny Savita: Now, create a files index. This one, yeah. Vector, store.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now, edit.
Sunny Savita: add the data log.
Anil Gaikwad: I think it's due to the index.
Sunny Savita: How in the embedding, what was mismatching? Actually.
Sunny Savita: okay. So always check the length or do one thing in the index itself dynamically, you can write a logic, so whatever length will calculate it there automatically, the length will pick up inside the index while it is creating. Okay.
Anil Gaikwad: Got it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Anil Gaikwad: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yes. So, Milan. Sorrow anyone is there, guys? Please go ahead.
milind kulkarni: Can I go?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Please. Mullen.
milind kulkarni: Yeah. I mean, I have a small question. The the rack chain that you explained yesterday. Right? I want. Can you explain how exactly the flow happens right? How does that context gets
milind kulkarni: called automatically retriever on the question.
Sunny Savita: Right.
milind kulkarni: The question like, how exactly the flow happens.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, just a second. I can.
Sunny Savita: Oh.
milind kulkarni: I can share my screen if you want it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you.
milind kulkarni: Bobby can share.
Sunny Savita: Or you can share the screen. Okay.
milind kulkarni: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It's not.
milind kulkarni: Yeah. Right? There, that code.
milind kulkarni: Yes.
Sunny Savita: I can explain you here just a second.
Satish: Go.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Sunny Savita: Can you see this.
milind kulkarni: Yes, I can. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So what will happen, you know, whenever, like, see, it's using the.
milind kulkarni: Enable concept in back end.
Sunny Savita: Runnable is nothing itself.
milind kulkarni: Pass through.
Sunny Savita: One glass in the lecture.
milind kulkarni: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, one interface or Linkedin is created.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So that's all like later use concept. Later on we can discuss that. But see what is happening. Whenever the question will come.
Sunny Savita: any question will come.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say, I asked over here, what is your name?
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: So this question, basically, it will come over here.
milind kulkarni: Okay.
Sunny Savita: What this your name?
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now the same question will come over here as well to the Retriever.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so it will call Retriever dot invoke.
Sunny Savita: and the question will be there, what is your name? Okay.
milind kulkarni: Okay.
Sunny Savita: With that. Actually, you will find out, sir.
Sunny Savita: Document, let's say, K, equal to 3.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, what this format Doc, will do. So from this document
Sunny Savita: it will fetch the page content where the actual text available.
milind kulkarni: From which which? Which library we are pulling that format up from Langton Core, or.
Sunny Savita: Format docs. Actually, it's a custom function which we have written.
milind kulkarni: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: See if you will look in the corner there, only you will find out this one.
Sunny Savita: This is great.
milind kulkarni: Okay, got it?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
milind kulkarni: No.
Sunny Savita: We got what we got the context
Sunny Savita: in the form of list. And we have this question.
Sunny Savita: okay, so what is my key name, contest and question.
Sunny Savita: So the prompt. Already we have defined those variable name, this key name, right.
milind kulkarni: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: To call.
milind kulkarni: Rest is clear, rest is clear, only that particular portion was not clear.
Sunny Savita: Huh? So why, it is getting complicated now, because this is a very compact syntax, because of this 5 operator and all means, we are not getting the underlying view of it right? So what is happening under the hood? That's why.
milind kulkarni: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so.
milind kulkarni: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I would suggest you run it step by step, or look into my Lcl con, Lcl, video.
Sunny Savita: this video basically will give you the detailed understanding of the Lcl concept language. Okay.
milind kulkarni: No worries. Thank you so much, really appreciate it.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
milind kulkarni: Thank you. You have time.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay. Marlin is done. Now.
Sunny Savita: her shop. Please go ahead with the doubt.
Sree Harsha: Okay. Can I speak?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
Sree Harsha: Okay? So in my company, we are working on a chatbot for real estate automation, using na, 10. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Sorry.
Sree Harsha: So in my company, we are working on a chatbot for real estate automation, using N. 18.
Sree Harsha: So the objective of this Chatbot is to collect the user requirement sequentially one by one, and recommend the properties by using SQL data present in the back end.
Sree Harsha: So my question is, should I ask the Llm. To generate the SQL. Query directly, or should I extract the parameters and build a parameterized query manually.
Sree Harsha: which is the best practice here.
Sunny Savita: Best practice, or how I can tell you that
Sunny Savita: what you have done so far.
Sree Harsha: So far, we are extracting the user details one by one, and we are storing it as Json format. Okay? And using the Json format. We are constructing a SQL. Query and retrieving the property from the database.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sree Harsha: So the problem here is whenever the exact match is not found, it is saying, properties are not found. So instead of this, we can just ask Lm. To behave like an intelligent salesperson and recommend other properties. Right? So for that, what we can implement.
Sunny Savita: Again, I would say extract parameter, and the parameterized query, that would be a great one, maybe. Right? So.
Sree Harsha: Oh!
Sunny Savita: Even I cannot answer directly for this one.
Sunny Savita: So what you can do now you can use some validation tool debugging, tool testing tool for the more for more like a detail, actually.
Sree Harsha: Okay. Okay. Fine.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: But, by the way, parameterized queries are like a great option. See what you are doing. I understood. That means you have a prompt using the prompt basically are extracting up like the parameter. Okay, as a Json, then you're building a query. And then you are executing that. That's it. Right?
Sunny Savita: So it's a like a good approach.
Sunny Savita: But I'm not sure about the other one until
Sunny Savita: we are not validating that. Okay? So.
Sree Harsha: Okay. Okay.
Rakshitha Ballal: It's a.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So Asha is done. Now, manju.
Saurabh Verma: Can, s, sorry.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Do not follow up anyone. Is there, guys, please go ahead.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Yeah, thanks sunny thanks for explanation for your stress class on nectar database. So it was more knowledgeable for one. I have a 2 query, one like, I'm currently working on one AI patent search using chat Gpt for one model using azure open air
Manjunath Puttaswamy: and data source are with both external source, google.patent.com. And second, we also have a list of around 7 40,000 patent documents in our organizations.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: So I've done like, whatever the concepts which you already thought so, my only query is like, when we are retrieving response from the
Manjunath Puttaswamy: particular prompt right using a reaction and other part. So there is as no way like in your previous question, like, you have explained about reaction with the K parameter K school to 3, or K school to 5. So is that a limitation like, for example, one of any of the relevant question they asked in the chat the answers might be coming from some
Manjunath Puttaswamy: some 13 to 14 documents. So, but in the response maximum we can give go up to K is equal to 20.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: So is there any way that can be increased? Or is that a limitations from the open open area.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, no limitation over there.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Yeah, exactly.
Sunny Savita: Limitation. You are talking about.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: For example, I asked a question, give me a this. Currently, what I worked on is a chemical based organization related. So my question is on the ceilings product. So I have done the all the chunking, all the data information, everything done. So, questions on the ceilings product the answers for the ceilings product. It is from almost like 13 to 14 documents
Manjunath Puttaswamy: when it give based on the semantic ranker that similar, like 0 point 8 0, whichever the nearest one. So I'm getting that responses, and I'm displaying in the my web chat board window. So the challenges like, if there are 20 documents it's only giving a top 5 references
Manjunath Puttaswamy: like this, information is coming from Pdf, B. Pdf, C. Like that. So is there a way? Can we load all the Pdfs. Which are it's coming, or something that I need to? Configure it. The symmetric search.
Sunny Savita: Again, I would say there is no such a limitation with the retrieving basically, whatever number of like the document you want to retrieve. Let's say, you say I can summarize your problem. You have a 40,000 document. Let's assume. Okay, now, you stored inside the vector, database. Okay.
Sunny Savita: you are putting some k, 3, 5, 2030, 40, right.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And based on that. You're not getting your information. Okay?
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Coming. But reference link, reference.
Sunny Savita: Reference link is not coming. That metadata. You're not getting in some of the document.
Sunny Savita: So what you can do you have certain like thing which you can perform. You can increase that number of K.
Sunny Savita: Pretty once.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Can't give more than 20.
Sunny Savita: Now see, there is a okay, there is a if this is the case, in that case you can check with some other type of retrieval, like context, window and all.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So with that particular context window.
Sunny Savita: All right.
Sunny Savita: If you can get
Sunny Savita: some something right? So sentence, window retrieval, and all these kind of like, the option is also available in the retrieval, and you can check out with the re ranking, maybe in top 20 in top 10. If you're not getting the best one. Let's say we are putting top 20, if top 20 also not getting the best one, maybe in some like initial document, you can perform the re ranking and all. Okay.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: I've done all those scenarios testing like where I given the threshold of 0 point 6 0 earlier. Then I've changed 2.3. And I see in the results that I'm getting all top 14 relevances along the document, but only in the context window. When the response is coming. It's only shows the top 5 or top 6 maximum top, 6 responses. Not more than that, references like, even though informations are correct, and it is mentioning the all the metadata name filings.
Sunny Savita: What reference link you are getting there.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: For example, Abcd, that is a file name. So it is giving correctly for some top 5 documents. Then the next information is from Xyz dot Pdf, the information are there in the chat window, but that link is not appearing.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: It's because of that K parameter. That's something which I was having a doubt.
Sunny Savita: So, sir, like we'll have to check that without checking that. What is a program? What is the issue? What is the code? How I can say something on top of it.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Sir, can I get your 10 min offline so I can show it whenever you.
Sunny Savita: Offline. Just drop me a mail. If I'll be available, we'll discuss okay.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Okay. Okay. The second one, sir. Sorry I couldn't join early today because of some office deployment work the second assignment. But whatever you've given us like completing with respect to dB with astra, dB, and all, is it a license, one or free one, sir, to complete the task.
Sunny Savita: Complete the sorry. What you said.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: You're given the task to complete the rag right assignment to we have to show the activity with Astra after dB or something.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Is it all licensed one, or we have to? Is it a free one, sir?
Sunny Savita: Explore, sir. Explore. Okay, it's a task only.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Oh, okay. Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Thanks.
Manjunath Puttaswamy: Interesting.
Rakshitha Ballal: Or sunny.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Rakshita, please go ahead.
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah.
Saurabh Verma: Then give me chance also later.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'll come to that, sir. Don't worry.
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah, I mean. So yesterday, whatever the thing which has mentioned right I was trying to run that code I was trying. I was getting the error so you could look at the code and see what is the issue with it. I just took the over code, and I was just running it.
Sunny Savita: Show me. Show me if you're getting any error. Then.
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah, so let me share. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Okay, Aman, for Satish. Anyone is there? Mahesh guys, please go ahead.
Hemanth Reddy: Yeah, it's Heman clear. So I have some questions relating to the vector, database. Right? You explained. So if you can go back to the canvas.
Sunny Savita: You have a question regarding the vector database. Yeah, please go ahead.
Hemanth Reddy: Yeah. Like, can you go back to the canvas, please, where you had explained it on the.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, just wait. So I'll come to that.
Hemanth Reddy: Okay. Fair enough.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Rakshita, what's the doubt?
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah. So I'm trying to run this. And then it is giving me
Rakshitha Ballal: this is yesterday code. I'm just trying to run. Yeah, it's giving me this error.
Sunny Savita: What is the error?
Rakshitha Ballal: Unexpected Argument.
Sunny Savita: Check. Now, last part of the error.
Sunny Savita: Hmm! What is the error.
Rakshitha Ballal: Your default. Credentials were not formed.
Sunny Savita: Hmm! Now, what do you have to do? Tell me.
Rakshitha Ballal: So I have a Api key in the environment.
Sunny Savita: Show me that Api key.
Rakshitha Ballal: This is a Google Api token.
Sunny Savita: Now show me where you are loading that key.
Rakshitha Ballal: That was not part of the code, I think, yesterday. Whatever which we are doing.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So what you will have to do, you will have to load it first.st Right?
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah. I tried to load it.
Sunny Savita: Show me. Show me where you are loading that.
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah, let me show you that. I tried to load it, and then it was giving the error there also. Here, you see.
Sunny Savita: Excellent Google Api key, not token.
Sunny Savita: Write a correct name there.
Sunny Savita: Google Api. Key.
Rakshitha Ballal: No token, only.
Sunny Savita: No right key. Here. Google Api. Key.
Rakshitha Ballal: Okay, so does it matter? It's the same way.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, obviously, right. So whatever SDK they have written, maybe there they are, following this particular approach. So Google Api key the by default name you will get from the Google itself. Okay.
Rakshitha Ballal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: You will have to write a correct name only.
Sunny Savita: Now restart the kernel.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, OS is not defined. Input OS input OS, first.st
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Now, run it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Rakshitha Ballal: Yeah, I think it is early. But yeah, how? How? We know that we have to give a Google Api key.
Sunny Savita: Once you will generate a keynote there itself, you will get a variable name. Okay.
Rakshitha Ballal: Oh, there also! Let me check that.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Next out is, yes. Who was there?
Satish: Yeah staticia.
Sunny Savita: You guys are, of course.
Satish: Yeah. So sunny. Yesterday I queue. Okay? Recording my content. I have.
Sunny Savita: Your voice is oh, sorry! Sorry! Someone was asking a doubt regarding that canva also. Satish. You were the guy.
Hemanth Reddy: Payment time. Indeed, I was asking about.
Sunny Savita: Hamman was there. Okay, Hamman, just a second. I'm sharing that canva. Okay. Satish. Please wait. Okay.
Satish: Okay. Okay. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Oh, Hammond.
Hemanth Reddy: Can you go to the vector database where you had explained in Hello.
Sunny Savita: Which one.
Hemanth Reddy: Vector database.
Hemanth Reddy: You had created diagram right on the vector database.
Hemanth Reddy: The flow, you had explained.
Hemanth Reddy: Yeah, on the in the canvas. No below that that was in the yellow color. Go below that.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Hemanth Reddy: Below below the. And there was another diagram. Right? You explained.
Hemanth Reddy: yeah, okay, okay. Here. Only so when you say similarity, search right? So what are the other? So so when we're defining the similarity search, do we have to explicitly define whether is it like a Csdp or L 2 kind of thing we have, should we have to define it explicitly?
Sunny Savita: You can define that that configuration is also available. But if you're not going to define that, it is also fine automatically, it will take care of that. But the accuracy is matter for you. If you're not getting a desired answer, and that part actually, you will have to debug that this part as well, okay.
Hemanth Reddy: So so like, if I'm not getting it, I have to explicitly say that it should be go with cosine similarity, kind of a thing or Dp.
Sunny Savita: That thing actually, whatever framework and the database you will use there itself, they will give you this particular configuration. Okay, how you can define that
Sunny Savita: in order.
Hemanth Reddy: So will it, anyway. Correlated to the embedding model. I I use.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, means, embedding is a model. Then on top of the embedding model, this matrix will be the separate one. Okay.
Hemanth Reddy: No, no, my question is like if I change the embedding model. So, and I'm not getting a relevant answer like previous embedding model. I was getting the relevant answer with similar research. But if I change the embedding model I don't get the similar kind of a symbol. If I use the other context same.
Sunny Savita: I don't get this same kind of answer, so should I have to change the cost and similar Tp and all things.
Sunny Savita: No, see if similarty, the embedding actually model, if you're going to change right? So embedding model is like matter a lot if you're going to be use the bigger embedding model like this Google one or the Openai one, it is going to be sustained the more context from the sentence itself. Okay, so that's the 1st part, and then on top of it, you will have to apply this similarity score. Okay, so with both, actually, you can be, do. You can do back and forth, got it.
Hemanth Reddy: So similarity score will be the one which I'm putting when when I'm doing the query part right. You're saying like, I can get some similarity.
Hemanth Reddy: Like, I can get some like output like 3 or 4, and then do a similar research within them.
Sunny Savita: Sorry I didn't get it.
Hemanth Reddy: No, no, I I could not get your question. What is that you're saying like.
Sunny Savita: 1st of all, you are confused with this. 1st of all, tell me, what is your understanding with this one and this one.
Hemanth Reddy: No, my so we had. We had a embedding model model. So we tried with Openai, okay? Then we moved it to Azure Openai. Because we have. We are azure shop kind of thing.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Hemanth Reddy: Then the code was not working as expected. We are not getting the relevant answers as expected, which was working fine with Openai. Okay? Now, like we are trying to. I'm trying to figure out whether is something related to this cosine similarity or something we have to define it explicitly.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Now, see, you can define this thing explicitly. This control we have in with respect to the databases.
Hemanth Reddy: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say I have used files.
Sunny Savita: I created my index with the cosine similarity. So whenever I will perform any query on top of the index. It will calculate the cosine similarity getting my point.
Hemanth Reddy: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Embedding doesn't matter over here. I created my index with the cosine similarity. It will calculate the cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: Let's say I created index with a pine cone. Haven't I? Haven't. I haven't mentioned anything over there, right? So maybe some by default technique it is using for performing the similarity search.
Hemanth Reddy: Okay. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: But if you want to maintain, mention anything right, customize one. Maybe that option would be there inside the documentation and all. I will have to explore that part. Getting my point.
Hemanth Reddy: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So embedding is one of the thing. And the similarity part this, this particular matrix is one of the thing. You can change the model. Whatever you are going to be use, you can use that. And then on top of it, you can configure any sort of a matrix. Got it.
Hemanth Reddy: So embedding module should not change something here. That's what.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no.
Hemanth Reddy: Okay. Okay? Then I have to look at something else on. Okay, fair enough.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay.
Satish: Yes. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir. So this is done. Now.
Mahesh: Is Mahesh?
Mahesh: Oh, yeah, Mahesh tell me basic question. So
Mahesh: I was trying Json Parser last time when I run it on python notebook. It's running fine, but when I write it, run it as a python program.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Mahesh: I'm getting an error. Can I share my screen and show it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure. So you can share the screen.
Mahesh: I'm not getting an option to share the screen.
Sunny Savita: Mahesh. Okay, I'm promoting you as a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Mahesh and Perth. Right, Perth. What's your doubt? Perth? Sharma.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Sunny.
Sunny Savita: You have a doubt. Right? But
Sunny Savita: okay, Plusharab. You have a doubt. Right?
praharsha: Sir. I need to share my screen.
praharsha: So then.
Sunny Savita: Adding a panelist, Saurabh Verma, your doubt is clear.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this is.
Saurabh Verma: No, sir, no, sir, my doubt is not clear.
Sunny Savita: Okay, what is the top.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, my question is very short.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, coming to Satish and Saurabh to both of you. Mahesh, if you can share your screen, please share.
Mahesh: I'm sharing my screen. Yeah. Can you see my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I can see.
Mahesh: Okay, so very simple. Example. Where?
Mahesh: Where? I'm building a SQL. Query and running, asking the response to give as a SQL. And then probably what are the tables? It's looking. And so on. Okay, so I built a chain as the prompt I'm using Llm. Model and parser when I run it in python notebook. Everything is fine. I'm getting the response. I did the same thing in Python. You suggest the same code. I just copy, paste it, and I get.
Mahesh: I'm getting an error like, let me run this smooth
Mahesh: so you can see there
Mahesh: it gives an error saying that the Llm. Output it is expecting as a text.
Mahesh: but at the end it's able to pull things as a SQL. But there is a warning or error behind the scene. So you just want to understand a bigger context? Is there a difference between python notebook and running directly as a python file.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, what both place? Actually, it is using the python kernel. Only just a second. Let me check. I think something is wrong. Wait.
Sunny Savita: 1st of all, don't execute it over the power cell sometime it it will give you the error. Give me the access of your screen.
Mahesh: Think, okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, just a second.
Sunny Savita: Where is the object of this class.
Mahesh: You can scroll up. There is SQL. Object. Can you scroll little up.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment. Okay.
Mahesh: Nope.
Sunny Savita: There is a power cut at my side. Can you give me 2 min.
Mahesh: Yeah, sure.
Sunny Savita: Mahesh. Just allow me 2 min. Okay, I'm checking.
Sunny Savita: I cannot see my monitor. Actually, my system is only up. Okay, wait.
Mahesh: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir, I can see. Now, just a second. Okay. I disconnected my monitor. Wait.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So I was checking with the class right? Can you show me where you create the object of the class?
Mahesh: Yeah, you can.
Sunny Savita: If I can scroll up. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: okay, okay, it's a identity class. Sorry user user. Query, okay? Sequel, is there now? Now? No, okay, fine. Now, can you? Run it here, right? Python. Okay, just a second. It's a SQL builder. Py, right?
Mahesh: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just copy the path from here. Right?
Sunny Savita: Run it from terminal so that you can check.
Mahesh: It's a good decision.
Sunny Savita: Conform.
Mahesh: And see that.
Sunny Savita: It's a parentic issue, sir, I think.
Mahesh: It says, basically output parser exception. It is expecting a Json, but it got text from Llm.
Sunny Savita: No, that's what. No, sir, it is a issue from the parentic. Only that's why maybe something else. It is getting which model you're using.
Mahesh: We're using Grok.
Sunny Savita: Deep. Seek. No, that's fine, sir.
Mahesh: So if I do the same thing. Yeah, what surprises me is when I do the same thing on.
Sunny Savita: We are. We are like.
Mahesh: The notebook is the second one. Json Parser, dot VPN, right is exactly same code, bear and error.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Mahesh: And just run it on the top.
Sunny Savita: Just 2 seconds.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: this is the codena, right?
Mahesh: No, you you didn't click on that. You you clicked on a different one. Can you go to the Json parcel dot IP.
Sunny Savita: This code. Now you convert into the like the script, only.
Mahesh: Okay, no, you can take out the 1st part. I think there was another cell as well.
Mahesh: It was not required.
Sunny Savita: I can execute.
Mahesh: You can put anything testers.
Sunny Savita: So this is your file. That is not py. Okay.
Mahesh: Okay, you can just
Mahesh: go ahead, Patrick.
Mahesh: It's in. No, it's in Langchain experiment slash. Latest.
Sunny Savita: All good.
Sunny Savita: It's coming.
Mahesh: Can you scroll down? Yeah, this is the problem. See?
Sunny Savita: Jason decode error. Actually, you you get that when the output is not getting generated correctly. It have, it might happen.
Sunny Savita: Just change the model and check with other model here. Okay.
Mahesh: Okay.
Sunny Savita: This one and send me the solution. I'll check that. Okay in my system. I'll run it and send you back. Okay, this one.
Mahesh: Okay, this one's so it shouldn't be anything to do with python notebook.
Sunny Savita: No, I think so. Now, like model is hallucinating over here. I think so. So just do one thing use different model.
Mahesh: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And check one more time.
Mahesh: Okay, there, you go.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Use a gemini model that way. Okay? Flash 1.5 flash.
Mahesh: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Opponent.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Mahesh: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Mahesh: Hi! Simon!
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, so I'll do that, Mahesh. Just a second. I'm changing your role.
Sunny Savita: Praharsha praharsha. Please share your screen.
praharsha: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: And give me a moment, guys, I have one message for you.
Sunny Savita: Good.
praharsha: So sunny. Can you see my screen.
Sunny Savita: Just just to give me a second, sir. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. You forwarded one message to all of you guys.
Sunny Savita: Whoever is there, and I'll ping in the group as well. Okay, great.
Sunny Savita: It's not getting copied.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it is not getting past.
Sunny Savita: okay, guys. So
Sunny Savita: just a second, let me. Ping that message in the group itself. Okay, allow me to make one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now, perfect.
Sunny Savita: Yes, go ahead with your doubt.
praharsha: Yeah, yeah, Hi, sunny. So the use cases, we have some data in the Mongodb.
praharsha: And we want to build a chatbot so that it will
praharsha: communicate with multiple collections and retrieve the data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
praharsha: So what is the functionality that I am thinking is, we have the common case for now let's say we take ids from each collection.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
praharsha: And we retrieve the data.
praharsha: But the thing is, we have to make it like a chat bot. So the when the user asks something. So I have created one small collection as an example. Here.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, so.
praharsha: So if you see here, the question is, you have to tell the student math marks.
praharsha: So I have given. The name is Ravi. Role number is 21 and section is p. 1.
praharsha: So in one collection I have the student name and role number section in another collection. I have the teachers details in another collection
praharsha: so the id is, they have combined all 3 things as the id.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
praharsha: And you have subject wise marks in a object.
praharsha: So how to get this kind of debt out of Dp.
praharsha: if the user asks this this type of questions.
Sunny Savita: Student will come from different collection teacher from the different collection from, and this you have to combine all the information right at the end. Is it.
praharsha: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So what you can do. Now see collection, you have a different different collection for the different different type of data. Right?
praharsha: Yes.
Sunny Savita: So there is a 1 way. Do you can create a separate index.
praharsha: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: For every sort of a collection, right?
praharsha: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now, whenever any sort of a query will come, let's say, student, hit the student index teacher, hit that teacher index.
Sunny Savita: Got it. You can route that, or else in the same index you can segregate the data based on the metadata also. So what you can do here, you can perform the pre filtering.
Sunny Savita: Let's say, while you want to fetch a data with respect to the student. Okay, so in the key. You will have to mention the student.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in a metadata the key will match with the student. It will only look into that particular, that particular like a document. Okay? And it will fetch the student. Related information. Got it. So it's all about the filtering, pre filtering post filtering, or it's all about the like separation concern of separation. Right? So you can create a like a multiple indexes and all. And you can route your query. That's it. Got it.
praharsha: Okay. Can we? Write a prompt says that the Llm only takes the keywords as input and it will write the code.
Sunny Savita: There, there, actually, you can introduce one more layer. Right? Okay, between the retrieval while you are going to be retrieved. Now let's say, if you want to be parameterize your query, whatever you are asking paste to the Llm. Okay, you can introduce
Sunny Savita: means. See? At as like, at whatever level right. You want to be like tweak the architecture feel free to do it.
Sunny Savita: I would suggest you audit.
praharsha: Okay?
praharsha: So can we expect this object kind of data also as output? I mean, does Llm go instead the object and give the answer. Also, if we give the schema as input. So here we have subject wise marks in an object right?
praharsha: So in in this collection. So I want math marks, so it has to go instead of the object. You may have 4, 5 objects, and out of 4 1 object is math, and you have the marks.
praharsha: So if I provide the schema Llm can go inside and it can identify and retrieve the data.
Sunny Savita: So Llm. Will not be responsible for retrieving a data. No, Llm. Cannot.
praharsha: Write the query, yeah, form the query. You can form the query if I give the schema.
Sunny Savita: Correct. You can form the query, and you need that particular collection that is possible.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
praharsha: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
praharsha: Currently we were only matching with the Ids, because they have combined this ids, and they have made some collections. So for a single single key value pair as ids. I'm able to do that.
praharsha: So I mean, without providing the schema. I'm just providing the Ids of the collections, and Llm. Is doing the.
Sunny Savita: No, no, you will have to like on a granular level. You will have to think, sir. Okay, not on the Id. It will work only with a single collection.
Sunny Savita: In that case, okay, provide more filter data. Okay?
Sunny Savita: For the first.st
praharsha: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Noted.
praharsha: So by providing schema input only we have to do this.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, sir.
praharsha: Yeah, sure. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Satish: Hello! Sunny. Sunny is here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sir, I'm coming to you guys one by one. Sorry. Actually, my side, there is a issue with the power. Okay? So
Sunny Savita: Parth Parth is there, Saurabh? Is there Satish is there Satish? You are having any doubt. So please go ahead.
Satish: Let's see, because in my office we have an
Satish: but whatever I'm giving that model, you know that embedding is not working always. You're giving error like this embedding is incorrect. Embedding. Please
Satish: show the correct link you, Buddy.
Sunny Savita: Share the screen like.
Satish: No, that I cannot, because I am talking to my personal laptop.
Satish: Okay.
Sunny Savita: As of now can you show me? Show me that.
Satish: No, as of now, I am logging with my personal laptop, not my office.
Satish: so I can also. But I don't know why.
Satish: There it's coming.
Sunny Savita: In office. Laptop. It is not working, but in your personal laptop it is working. Is it?
Satish: No, I have not tried with my person, because that is the have not tried yet with my person.
Sunny Savita: Office. Api. You cannot use in your personal.
Satish: Yeah, I can use. But I don't know. Maybe security balance I'm not into.
Satish: Maybe I don't know.
Sunny Savita: All good.
Satish: But it's not the problem. Okay. I tried with a lot of modes.
Satish: Goodbye, like.
Sunny Savita: Your voice is getting stuck, sir. Can you come again, please? Hello!
Satish: Hello!
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah.
Satish: Yes, sir, I I'm telling that. Can I try with the multiple model? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Oh! Oh!
Satish: Whatever insurance is providing. So I have tried, but.
Sunny Savita: Cool.
Satish: My code is not right. Okay.
Satish: in a openai I'm able to run whatever Christian has explained, so that I'm able to run in my personal.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Satish: So is there any issue.
Sunny Savita: But I have to check, sir, if you can show me that, I think that would be great. Okay.
Satish: And another thing is that now, okay, today, in a Google Api key you are not using. But still code is working.
Sunny Savita: So I was using that I, whenever we are load writing that load to underscore dot envy now, automatically just loading that those variable.
Satish: But why? It's not working. What? Why, it's not working for a pinecone. Because, pinecone, you are using that.
Sunny Savita: No, no, actually, when we are going to be create a index right
Sunny Savita: at that time, explicitly, we have to mention that. Okay, so sometime. What happens. Now see, I executed my code. Okay, see, I loaded a key so automatically is going to be set in the environment variable. The SDK have been written in such a way whenever we are going to be installed, the links in Google generate and all. Okay. So no need to mention
Sunny Savita: explicitly in most of the cases, you will get that. Actually, okay.
Satish: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Satish: Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so this Perth sort of anyone, is there, guys, please go ahead.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Have a window.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, please, ma'am, go ahead.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Sunny. Actually, in my company, I have to develop the one chat box for the present. So this is the audio like the input data is the audio and converting in either on the text or or in the audio.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: So actually, I do not understand which type of the model in that conditions we are using. So in the today, video, I can understand which type of the database vector database is using and embedding using. But I'm not confident about the model. So which type model I can prefer in this condition.
Sunny Savita: Which can you come again with the condition? Sorry
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Condition is like developer, one Chatbot chat interference, and where the patient is giving audio text like the asking, I am facing this this issue. So please suggest me which type of that.
Sunny Savita: So, ma'am, for that. Now what you can do, see? You can. Use the whisper model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah. Whisper model what it will do it will convert your like the speech into the text.
Sunny Savita: Okay, whatever like you're you are asking to your like to your patient right and to your end user, it will convert into the text, okay? And then it will like, based on that. See, once you will get a text, right? The transcript and all. Then on top of it, you can work
Sunny Savita: right
Sunny Savita: in the same way. So just do one thing. I have created one video on my Youtube channel. It was a full fledged project regarding that AI voice assessment. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so just
Sunny Savita: search on my Youtube channel. Sunny Savita AI voice assistant, you will get that particular project. I have used the Google model Tts model. You can use the I think it was a Google model you will have to check over there and even like, I have used a whisper as well over there. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so yeah, just explore that part. Got it.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Yes, yes, thank you. Thank you very much. And one more question, sunny. I have already used the Google Api key for a 1 project. So means that one is I was using on a last year. So right now, this one is I can use that Api key
PARTH SHARMA 2F: for today's work.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am, it might be expired so better if it a new one. Okay.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Oh, so means alternative way which one you I would use.
Sunny Savita: You are saying you generated when you generated that key. Sorry.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Previous year.
Sunny Savita: No, ma'am, don't need a new key. Okay, new cleanup.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Okay, thank you. Thank you. Today's session is very useful. And I already watch your rag Youtube channel. But I didn't reach that. The videos. So I will again. I am watching and.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, ma'am, just check. If you have any doubt you can ask me in the next session.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Yeah, yeah, sure. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, ma'am. Okay, saurav. If you have any doubts, guys, please go ahead.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, so sunny? 2 2 questions. One is very small. One is that is related to now like this rag, we are doing. Okay, I'm into pre-sales.
Saurabh Verma: Okay? And in the company. We have various, we get various Rfps, and then we have our documents of the organization to support the eligibility criteria and other documents. Right case studies. So rag approach, I think will work for us because we have it continuously gets updated and new things keep coming as we in the projects.
Saurabh Verma: Second, my question is that for the modeling part as if we if we keep it in our office rather than using the open AI Internet model. So
Saurabh Verma: yesterday you mentioned that Gpu get Burns, and you know you have to have a different configuration machine. So for such a small scale thing will the llama model, or anything you can suggest which we should be using any any suggestion you would like to give how we should approach. I I don't want to keep it in the Internet. The.
Sunny Savita: Complete.
Sunny Savita: So for for that, so what you can do. 1st of all, you can check the best and possible model right so recently, I released one video regarding the fine tuning. Okay, there. Actually, I shown the different different Leader Board with respect to the open source model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, which open source model works well, which is not right. So first, st we can look into those kind of dashboard. Okay? And from those particular dashboard, according to your use case, you can pick the model or the general model only. Okay, and you can host it. So where you will, host and see you cannot do it in your local system. Currently, right? So you'll require some cloud environment for that. Okay, so what you can do, you can take your own server over the cloud itself. You can
Sunny Savita: create a you can configure the Aws sage maker. It's a like best possible. And the easiest solution. Okay, just do one thing, just take a model over there, load it if you want to find to the fine, tune it, and then exposes the Api, and you can use that model in your own manage environment. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Meaning.
Saurabh Verma: Okay? So the company documents which are there, let's say, for example, the profit and loss statement, and all those net you know. Profit those things so that will remain local in my over here, or.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, see, whenever this kind of use case will come. Okay. So 1st of all, you have to talk with the business. You have to gather all the requirement. What kind of data is you have? Okay? So according to that, basically, you need to check with your it team. Whoever is providing you that managed environment, right? Because you will not develop a system in your like a laptop. And you will say to business, Okay, whenever you require anything, just reuse my system for using this application. No? Right? You are going to
Sunny Savita: somewhere. Okay. See, sir, I also work with a pharma use case. Okay, there was very like a red data. We even cannot expose single line to anywhere. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So what they have done. They. I work with our Mnc. Right? So what they have done. They have a separate it team. They provide, like each and every resources to us, the managed resources and the in-house company resources. Okay, so if you'll talk to them, they will help to you with those resources there, you can configure like. Your model your databases, everything that managed resources. And you can utilize that. And the data will not be exposed. Okay, so
Sunny Savita: as a single person as a lone one, you cannot do that thing, even though, if you're working in any startup, if you are working on your startup, you have to figure out those things right, how I can create a virtual private cloud. Okay, how you can secure my data with some cloud policies. And all right, so those things you have to figure it out got it.
Saurabh Verma: Okay. Okay, next is, I'm getting one spot.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, I'm getting much call error. If I can sh share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure, we can do that.
Sunny Savita: Can I speak in between our.
Saurabh Verma: He's where he's where.
chandraprabha Arun: Yeah, okay, yeah. Actually, I would like to create a Chatbot project using Amazon. Can you please give me some advice?
Sunny Savita: Oh, well, Amazon! Better no see I.
chandraprabha Arun: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: You playlist normally, you can follow that up. I created a chatbot using the back Doc itself.
chandraprabha Arun: okay? And another like
chandraprabha Arun: in a in that, another project. Actually, that is also related to that one but in that project the customer customer in engages with the human agent that is like maybe voice or chat, and this will be the implemented as as another part of second use case. So how can we integrate both like agent or system triggers and agent assist event? And that is actually
chandraprabha Arun: should have an endpoint endpoint which can pass the token, so that, using the chat, either using the chat or either using the
chandraprabha Arun: voice. So how can we integrate that one.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am, see? Just take an import, right?
Sunny Savita: Or they can all, after taking that input, like, whether it's a voice or something, give it to your model, it will generate a transcript or something, and then you can utilize as a text whatever text and the like, the whatever in in whatever form. You're getting an input, right? So see if you want to get an understanding of the backdrop and the end to end Chatbot with the backdrop. Just follow this playlist I discuss in a very detailed manner, then create some like the boilerplate, or at least okay, some basic code and all. And then on top of it. We can scale it. Okay.
chandraprabha Arun: Once done, then we can host it in the bedrock. That's what.
Sunny Savita: So.
chandraprabha Arun: No, I'm asking that.
chandraprabha Arun: once done, the coding, using that means for the Chatbot, then or the same, for the same project means like the customer engagement, you know. So once done the coding. Then after that we can host it in the bedrock. Is that the way.
Sunny Savita: No, no, ma'am, bedrock is not for the hosting. Okay, for the hosting actually required. Some server bedrock can provide you the ecosystem.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
chandraprabha Arun: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Generate for for the model, for the embedded model for the databases. So it is similar to the launching. But it is a cloud native. Okay? So not a lengthen basically links for the different purpose. But yeah, it's a cloud. Native means it's a Aws specific ecosystem for developing a Llm based application. Got it. So it is.
Sunny Savita: What is the main thing.
chandraprabha Arun: Oh!
Sunny Savita: It will provide you the model. It will provide dynamic model. It will provide you the databases. All those things got it.
chandraprabha Arun: So what is the major difference with be between the line chain? If you are using Langchain and.
Sunny Savita: Integration is there. So what a bedrock have done! Bedrock have posted their model in their own specific aws, hosted their model on their own server. Right? And they are. They are providing you as a bedrock. Those things. Okay? So you can read the model. You can read the embedding model like you are reading from the open. Okay, you are using the language. And you are reading the model from the open. Api. Is it right?
Sunny Savita: Okay? So instead of reading the model from the open. Yeah, you can read from the padlock itself.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
chandraprabha Arun: And the client client also can get the data or get what we are doing that is also simultaneously, right.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, do one thing, ma'am. Just watch my playlist. Okay, you will get a clear understanding there. Okay.
chandraprabha Arun: Okay, so can I ask another question like, for example, actually, we are doing the coding in the Vs code and traveling purpose or anything. We are not using the desktop so that can we? Get the same files in another device? Is there any other options.
chandraprabha Arun: or like in a cloud format, or in.
Sunny Savita: I didn't get that.
chandraprabha Arun: No, I'm asking that in the Vs code only we are coding.
chandraprabha Arun: so maybe, for example, if we are traveling, or if we are changing the device to or if we can, simultaneously, if we can work in another device, so is there any provision? Is there any other option? Is there? That in that? Another device also, I have to get all the files. What I am doing in the
chandraprabha Arun: in the previous previously, what we have done all the files.
Sunny Savita: So we can. We can manage the project using the github now, right you can use the github cannot cannot be. Expose the code over the Github.
chandraprabha Arun: Everything. I did not, added in Github all.
Sunny Savita: No, no, see for the collaborative coding and the project building. Now, we always use the Github. Okay. Github mainly is for that only Github bit bucket code lab, and this one which one gitlab right? So this platform is on only for the collaborative project building. And all right.
chandraprabha Arun: So so this in the same way, I have to. I have to install Vs code in another device, and deploying the code from the Github.
Sunny Savita: We'll see.
chandraprabha Arun: To fix.
Sunny Savita: Repository. Okay, so with Vs code, you can connect that Github. You can upload your code over there. Let's say some someone or some other developer wants to work on that they will fetch the same code, and they will start working on it. That's it.
chandraprabha Arun: Okay. So there is no any other provision from vs, no need to do that. One.
Sunny Savita: No.
chandraprabha Arun: Actually, I I need all the files. What I'm doing. The same system. What what I'm which system is I'm using for the these all the classes, you know daily what we are doing.
Sunny Savita: Number.
chandraprabha Arun: One of those.
Sunny Savita: It will work for you. Okay.
chandraprabha Arun: So that I have to post publish in Github. Right then only I can fetch from that other device.
Sunny Savita: Correct.
chandraprabha Arun: So first, st I need to install Vs code the same what I did in the system. So 1st I have to install Vs code. Then
chandraprabha Arun: fetching all the files from Github.
Sunny Savita: Yes, yes, correct, ma'am.
chandraprabha Arun: Right.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Swati Gupta: Okay, can I go next?
chandraprabha Arun: Yeah. Oh.
Sunny Savita: Just a second, Saurabh. Yeah, saurop, please go ahead, Swati. I'll come to you. Okay.
Swati Gupta: Okay. Okay. Sir.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, so sunny. I was trying to restructure the all the things that I've got. So this code was, work is working in standalone mode when I ran this only this dedicated. But then today I
Saurabh Verma: while after the class I restructured and brought all the things at one place. So while I did that I am getting this error.
Saurabh Verma: Any advice you can give.
Sunny Savita: 4 0.
Saurabh Verma: Here, vector store local, it saying, type object files has no attribute load understood local. This is the error
Saurabh Verma: at this step.
Sunny Savita: Node local node values.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, see what I think you have done now. 5 is files is the same one don't keep the same name in the vector, store data, vector, database remove, keep the some different name there, rename your folder.
Sunny Savita: It is picking. It is picking that file. See this folder file. Yeah, keep a different name here.
Saurabh Verma: Okay. So I can rename this.
Sunny Savita: Rename it.
Saurabh Verma: Is this fine.
Sunny Savita: Huh! Whatever apart from the files and then now run it. Okay, that is import. Import the files and then run it. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Import the files. In this all the requirements dot txt.
Sunny Savita: Import import means import. Karna file.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, it's called a channel.
Sunny Savita: Just run it. So it will be working. Okay.
Sunny Savita: If not, let me know. Yeah, Swati, what's your doubt? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Swat, is there? Rachapa is there service re Uppersara has done. Satish tiwari.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Guys anyone is there? Saty? Please go ahead with a doubt. I think you are on mute.
Rachappa: I'm here, Prajan.
Sunny Savita: Wait!
Rachappa: Can I go?
Sunny Savita: So coming to you, Swati, you are asking right? Any doubt? Some doubt. Swati Gupta.
Sunny Savita: Okay, she's not there. So next year please go ahead with it.
Rachappa: I'm I'm getting model.
Rachappa: not phoned error. So most of the errors I was getting during the class. I was trying that so most of things during this call only I fixed it.
Sunny Savita: Sure.
Rachappa: So now I have only a model not found. Error is coming
Rachappa: with the pine cone vector store.
Sunny Savita: What's it called subterrace week
Sunny Savita: tiwari.
Satish Tiwari: I want to share my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure, can I do that?
Rachappa: Yeah, I'm sharing.
Swati Gupta: Can I go next.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Please. Go. Next.
Sunny Savita: Wait. Waits are coming to you. Yeah. So I think, please tell me, what's the problem.
Swati Gupta: Sir. Actually, I was looking for an Llm. Ops course. So is, sir going to bring that, or like I mean it. It is not on Udemy still right.
Sunny Savita: No, it is not an email.
Swati Gupta: Okay, I mean, is, is there one going to come or like.
Sunny Savita: It will be launched as a live course, actually.
Swati Gupta: If it belongs in the life course. Not a Udem.
Sunny Savita: No, as of now. Not a later on we'll launch later as a utb.
Swati Gupta: Okay, okay? And and you just shared one
Swati Gupta: Youtube playlist. Right? When I was looking for a bedrock, related Chatbot thing. But there are like around 6 to 8 videos. Right? So is the last 2 videos just related to that Chatbot, or whole series is related to that.
Sunny Savita: No whole series, a little bit of background.
Swati Gupta: Like just just I'm looking just for a part related to Chatbot.
Sunny Savita: You can navigate to the video. I created a 1 endpoint application over there. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so using the backlog itself, if you watch all the video. It will help you back.
Swati Gupta: Okay. And, sir, I actually also took one Gen. AI course in Ineuron. Okay, but you know, I received one email like, couple of months back. I think that you know the platform is going to shut down and everything. But while the course was there, it was said that.
Sunny Savita: So.
Swati Gupta: Would be for a lifetime access or something right? And you and Papisa was teaching that. So could I also like still access that platform. I mean the course.
Sunny Savita: I don't have any idea of that platform. Okay, I left one year back. Okay? And I designed for that company. I don't know what is happening over there. I think you can access right? So you can ask to the respective person, okay.
Swati Gupta: But like whom I mean.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am, really don't have any idea. Okay. So as a company like I resigned from there. And what's going there, I don't know.
Swati Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Swati Gupta: Maybe I can ask to. Krish, sir. Maybe right.
Sunny Savita: I don't think, ma'am, it will help.
Swati Gupta: But I mean I don't know whom I can reach out right and
Sunny Savita: See, ma'am, see, I was working as an employee there for kids. So after resigning right who is all who's having a like a management, hand holding and all everything right. So.
Sunny Savita: Literally, ma'am, I don't have any idea.
Swati Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So if you can say to the respective person, if you can connect over there, I think that would be great.
Swati Gupta: Okay, sir, and just the last doubt, actually, I want to work on a project where you know I want to like, this is company specific where we want to, you know, track the people movement. Okay.
Swati Gupta: people movement. It is like, we have not still extracted the data from the unstructured part. And of course, I mean, the end goal is that we want to basically visualize it in a graph database. Right? There would be entities connected to, you know, different entities, and they have moved from one country or city to another. So I was wondering, how can I approach this problem?
Sunny Savita: What kind of data you have.
Swati Gupta: It is,
Swati Gupta: It's a human trafficking, related data.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in the form of videos, right?
Swati Gupta: No, it's a textual data like the unstructured data.
Sunny Savita: Unstructured textual data.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Means the information is available in the form of text, only correct.
Swati Gupta: There are multiple text columns.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Swati Gupta: We are trying.
Sunny Savita: So well. See what you want to fetch. What is your end goal over here? How the person is moving from one place to another place? Is it.
Swati Gupta: Hmm, hmm, right exploitation. Whether there is an exploitation or basically whether there is a movement from one place to another place.
Sunny Savita: So, ma'am, here. Now, what you will have to do. 1st of all, you will have to create some base instruction.
Sunny Savita: Okay, this is section basically that you can later on use in a like the prompt.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So I would suggest you, whatever you want to ask your Llm. Right? So see, just do one thing create your. So just, I design your solution in such a way. First, st basically create one identification agent, right? So which what it can do, it can identify the information from your given data. Right? Semantic identification agent.
Sunny Savita: Sorry. First, st you need to create a base instruction, some base instruction. Then you need to create a semantic identification agent. It can identify some sort of a semantic from your data itself. Okay, then, information retrieval there, your rag will work. So whatever information you fetch based on your base instruction and the like, the
Sunny Savita: based on the Lm prompt and all right, it will face the details from the vector database. Whatever information you want from the data, right? Then pass it to your content generation agent. So something like this, you can create one agentic flow. It could be the basically, multi agent flow also. Okay, if you want to
Sunny Savita: like, create agent flow, otherwise create a basic. And then on top of that you can scale. Okay? As an agentic one.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Swati Gupta: How will agent help in this like.
Sunny Savita: Once we teach you the agent. Okay, we'll discuss about it means you will get the idea how the agent work. Then you can integrate inside your promise statement. Okay? But as of now, I will suggest you, you have a database. Right? So whatever rag approach I told you, just work work on that. Okay? Use the same rag approach over there. Okay.
Swati Gupta: You mean to extract the entities out of the data.
Sunny Savita: See? Keep the details of the vector database. Whatever question you are asking us to that. Okay? And then pass it to the back. This. Lnm, okay, whatever like information you want to be. Extract from the like, the specific like the whatever like, the information is there, right location and all correct.
Sunny Savita: After the Llm. It will like fetch that context from the vector. Database. And it will generate the answer based on that. Okay.
Swati Gupta: Okay, you mean, it will generate a structured data out of it, right? And then.
Sunny Savita: It can generate. Okay.
Swati Gupta: And then we'll be able to map it to graph database.
Sunny Savita: You can do that. Also, you can create one graph database parallelly along with the vector, database. And you can use the both output. Okay, while you are generating the output.
Swati Gupta: Okay, sir. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Satish Tiwari: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wait. Wait, guys, Rajakpa satis. And so 3 guys are there. First, st Rachakpa, you go ahead. What's your job? Yeah.
Rachappa: So this is I'm sharing my screen model not found error. I'm getting most of our rest of the issues. I will resolve.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, see, no module. Name means what you will have to install that module right install that.
Rachappa: Actually requirement.
Sunny Savita: Install, install, sir, prep. Install, do it 1st here.
Sunny Savita: and this type of error try to solve from your end. Only the MoD will not found error. And all. Okay, see? Open open. So open the code, open the code where you're getting error.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, which which module is not available. Tell me.
Rachappa: Oh, long chamber.
Sunny Savita: Oh, use it. Write it here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Install it right. Click, right? Click.
Sunny Savita: Oh, give that space.
Rachappa: I did this also.
Rachappa: It's not resolving I got conflict. Actually, Egypt.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now restart your kernel and import it again.
Rachappa: Do you use?
Rachappa: Take further this resolved name error. I'm getting same.
Rachappa: I mean, when I saw one error, it's continued with the other error actually.
Sunny Savita: Run it. Run it, sir. Okay, it will. Autonom. Okay.
Sunny Savita: don't run. Also run step by step. What is the problem with it?
Rachappa: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: it's working right?
Rachappa: It's questions you stuck here.
Sunny Savita: You can check with that error part itself. No, whatever error! You were getting right.
Rachappa: Run as all. So that is where.
Sunny Savita: I think it was resolved right, the model not found. Okay. So now everything will work. The further cell. Also.
Rachappa: But I'm getting something like this, sunil. Let's say.
Sunny Savita: Why you are getting this error. 1st of all, tell me if you won't be able to import the pine cone vector store if you will get the error over here. Then how you will be able to execute this part.
Rachappa: Okay. Good.
Sunny Savita: It's pretty obvious, right?
Rachappa: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: You need to think on that level, sir. Okay, Sima.
Rachappa: Yeah. Yeah. Now, it's going. Now, it's yeah. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: That's fine!
Rachappa: And one question here, see? We have a requirement here, whatever you said during the training, right? We are adding here and executing sometime. I'm getting the conflict here with this.
Rachappa: and it's not working. I'm removing some of the things here, and you know, doing it. With this
Rachappa: earlier I got conflict. I removed everything. I uninstalled everything.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Rachappa: Okay, okay.
Rachappa: I only stopped that. Comments will come here.
Rachappa: See? Long chain point. This uninstalled.
Sunny Savita: Why you are installing it, sir.
Rachappa: No, I was getting some conflict that I googled it, and
Sunny Savita: No, no, don't do it. Just run this account, dot txt. Okay.
Rachappa: Okay, okay, so now it works. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Satish Tiwari: Tell me. I'm curious.
Sunny Savita: Wait. Wait. Sorry, please share the screen, Rachit. Sorry, Satish. You share first.st That's all. Okay.
Satish Tiwari: Is my screen visible?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it is vulnerable.
Satish Tiwari: See, I am getting here now. Why, it's getting index.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: hmm.
Satish Tiwari: Even. I'm not able to see here.
Satish Tiwari: sir, if it is not there, then only we'll get false now. If it is there, then why, you will get false.
Sunny Savita: No, it will be false. Only okay. Until unless you are not going to be create that index run the further code, you will not get false. Okay.
Satish Tiwari: Then it should be created by here.
Sunny Savita: Nay, sir, it is just checking whether it is having the index or not.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Once you will create a entice, it will come through. Got it.
Satish Tiwari: So should I create here.
Sunny Savita: Obviously, sir, see, the further code is here. Now.
Satish Tiwari: So this is the creating index.
Sunny Savita: It is not creating, or it is checking. Read the simple English PC. Dot has index, has index means. What is it having index or not?
Satish Tiwari: Timing or not correct.
Sunny Savita: Plus, that's it.
Satish Tiwari: Where is the clear index.
Sunny Savita: This one next cell.
Satish Tiwari: This one.
Sunny Savita: If not, if not as index this one. Yeah, complete code. Put the take the complete code. Can you read the simple English PC, dot create index.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so it is creating index.
Satish Tiwari: Now you have returned.
Satish Tiwari: and how I will check
Satish Tiwari: here. I will get right. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Check in index. Refresh the page automatically. We'll get one index. Okay, there.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Saurop. Please share the screen.
Saurabh Verma: Yes, I'm sharing. I changed, but still I'm getting an error.
Saurabh Verma: So I change this to my face, and I so loaded everything ran everything again.
Saurabh Verma: So I'm getting the error.
Saurabh Verma: Yes.
Sunny Savita: What is the error, or give me the access? Give me the give me the acceleration scheme.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, how to give
Saurabh Verma: everyone.
Sunny Savita: One.
Saurabh Verma: This code has not executed.
Sunny Savita: It is executing. No, okay.
Sunny Savita: And so the system. Now, what do we start to find this employees?
Sunny Savita: Hold your phones.
Sunny Savita: It's my file now, right.
Saurabh Verma: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: Don't go somewhere. Boom!
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Saurabh Verma: Added, I added only 3 import statements.
Saurabh Verma: This I commented, because it was only for explanation.
Sunny Savita: This class size index. I think you have a issue with this one on.
Saurabh Verma: This is running fine if I run it in a separate folder, as is which we had sent. But the moment I moved.
Sunny Savita: No, you you given this spaces? No, actually, in windows. No, this is spaces is very big. Problem. Okay?
Saurabh Verma: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, so sometimes, now it create issues. Actually, so space.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, this might be the issue. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: but this I just copied from there, anyway. But I get your point.
Sunny Savita: Oh, we don't need to know
Sunny Savita: what is the issue associated with?
Sunny Savita: Oh.
Sunny Savita: 5.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it's working now.
Sunny Savita: Gordon.
Saurabh Verma: So what was the thing are? What is it? RR. We have to kept for the this thing.
Sunny Savita: R is nothing. Actually, sometime we get the Unicode error. It is not able to decode this path. Okay? So I just written, the rr, means, read the path. That's it. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Okay.
Sunny Savita: It says standard syntax just to match the unicord thing in the windows itself. Got it so don't keep the spaces in between. If you just remove the spaces and then load it again with the relative path. It will work. Got it.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, and all the other are running right. If you just scroll down.
Sunny Savita: Correct. All the like. Other will be running once you will run it.
Sunny Savita: Check it, sir. Okay, yeah. Okay.
Saurabh Verma: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys, can we close the session? Now? Anyone having any doubt?
Sunny Savita: I'm
Sunny Savita: taking a pause for 1 min. If you have any doubt you can let me know that I'll close the session. Okay.
Sunny Savita: thank you. Okay. Akash, is there. Akash is having doubt. Akash, guys. Akash, please go ahead with the doubt. Akash.
Aakash: Can you hear me, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, tell me.
Aakash: So I have a neuro related data. I was just checking. If any specific Llm, I can use, or
Aakash: the same Lnm package can be used for those.
Sunny Savita: Same. Same, sir. Use the open a 1. It will work. Okay.
Aakash: Okay. So okay, I I heard like, palm model was there, and certain other model. So, but there is no.
Sunny Savita: We'll have to check that even. I haven't worked with that kind of data. Maybe I'll check. I can get that.
Aakash: Just as a reminder. I'll drop you a mail.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure. Sure.
Aakash: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thinkers.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Akash is done. Now, persona. I already saw the doubt
Sunny Savita: to brush. We install the town sort of is done.
Sunny Savita: Deepak. What's it out? Deepak.
deepak mohanty: Yes, Sunny. Can I have? nlp tutorial of yours specifically.
Sunny Savita: Nlp tutorial. I took the live classes in one of the batch. Okay, just check with the team. If
Sunny Savita: you can check out. Okay. So if they can like, do something right with respect to that course and all, if you want to take it back.
deepak mohanty: Okay, so I need to talk to the date.
Sunny Savita: Correct, correct, so.
deepak mohanty: Okay.
Sunny Savita: There is one pro subscription also, if you can check with them that so you there, you can access all the Nlp and the air related courses. Okay.
deepak mohanty: No, I don't want to go for everything, only your particularly Nlp. Class.
Sunny Savita: I see. I launched one generative. A course. Okay
Sunny Savita: this one. Nlp, with generative AI. There, I this taught some of the section of the Nlp. Actually.
deepak mohanty: Okay, so it is like, your, it is in your Youtube channel.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no! Over the same platform, crystal platform itself.
deepak mohanty: Okay, okay, so it is generative. AI with the Nlp, right?
Sunny Savita: Got it correct, sir.
deepak mohanty: Okay, sure. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah, Saurabh. Tell me your small query.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah. I'm still getting the error at the end. It is saying, context is not defined.
Saurabh Verma: I'm at the.
Sunny Savita: Which context, which context show me, show me, share my screen.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, yeah, that's good.
Sunny Savita: The book is done. Now, Vignesh, do you have any doubt.
Sunny Savita: Kunal Vignesh, guys.
Vigneshwaran S: Hi! Sir!
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Vigneshwaran S: So I have doubt regarding that images under text, table, and all.
Vigneshwaran S: If you have a document with a table and image and text all all in one, how can we embed that model.
Sunny Savita: No, no, that I given you as assignment. Okay, please check out that. I'll share the solution. The next class. Okay.
Vigneshwaran S: I mean, we should use a separate model for each.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'm not going to tell you the approach and anything. Please check out with you. Please check out from your end. We'll keep one generic session for this one, where everyone will give their demonstration. Okay.
Sunny Savita: failed approaches and all understood.
Vigneshwaran S: Okay. Okay, so thank you. I'll talk.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, this is not a code. This is just for the explanation. Okay, it's not a code comment. This one.
Sunny Savita: Sora, what are what are you doing now?
Sunny Savita: Check with the previous session at least.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, it's raining.
Sunny Savita: No, I didn't.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, so, one, last.
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: More question. He was having. Sort of
praharsha: Sunny. In the meantime. Can I ask.
Sunny Savita: No, you can go ahead with the question.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sort of please.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, sorry, brother, just one last question. So Sunny as you mentioned the AI voice assistant. Is there in your
Saurabh Verma: Youtube? Right?
Sunny Savita: So like this.
Saurabh Verma: Is any other use cases are there which you can just at the top of your mind if it is there, though I can search on there, but still
Sunny Savita: You want the use cases only, is it.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah, yeah, yeah, I because I'm into pre-sales. Now, it will help me in marketing and telling that I know few things of this kind of thing.
Sunny Savita: Just drop your mail. I'll share one ppt with you. Okay, I have a couple of use cases.
Sunny Savita: I'll share with you. Okay, yeah.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, fine. And their Youtube is also there on your Youtube channel for that.
Sunny Savita: Use cases wise. I think I haven't created any detailed video on it. But I'll share one. Ppt. There. I kept couple of 2025 use cases.
Saurabh Verma: Okay. And those are, you have the running ones for that, or I can. I will have to create a.
Sunny Savita: No, I haven't created any project. There's just a use case name actually.
Saurabh Verma: Okay? And similar to AI voice assistant. Any examples you have on your Youtube.
Sunny Savita: Check, sir, I created couple of project, multi agent, tech and all. Recently, multi agent like, Okay, you know.
Saurabh Verma: Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: The Inkarian.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah.
praharsha: Yeah, sunny. Regarding my use case. Can I get any further input through Youtube videos or any other things?
Sunny Savita: Oh, for the
Sunny Savita: we'll do it, sir. You can share the detailed document with me. Okay, I'll you. You can share. Do you do one thing, just share one Github. There. You mentioned the detailed document. Okay, regarding a problem statement and one Poc, I'll scale that. And I'll create a video, the end to end as an end to end. Project. Okay.
praharsha: Yeah. Sure. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Kunal, is there, Kunal, do you have any doubt.
Kunal: Yes, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Kunal: Actually, I have tried few interview attempts. So every time yeah, while I was searching for data, science roles, machine learning kind of projects. So every time I used to get question about deployment, which I, where I used to fail.
Sunny Savita: Will we cover the deployment topics? Also in this course.
Sunny Savita: yeah, deployment will show you while you're creating a project. Okay? So that part will come the cloud and all everything. So, okay.
Kunal: Or, okay? Okay? Because, okay, it will be covered right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, we have integrated that chapter also.
Kunal: And, Sir, how this Llm. Ops course is different from our.
Sunny Savita: Of course, is just the projects, only only the encode projects.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say you don't want to learn this basics theory. And all right. You just want to be directly jump to the project itself. Do the project do the end to end project. That's it.
Kunal: Okay, okay, sir. And, sir, like Chris told to do some like to also focus on branding with him, branding yourself in the Linkedin.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Kunal: So what kind of like articles we should ideally post.
Sunny Savita: So
Sunny Savita: let's see whatever niche you have. Right? So let's say you are a developer. You are a like whatever in whatever field you are a good, you are good, right?
Sunny Savita: Whatever feel you want to promote yourself. So you should always create a content the like the helping basically articles right on your Linkedin, or anywhere right on your any public profile.
Sunny Savita: So Linkedin, basically just a way of connecting to so many people to showcase your ability to showcase your basically knowledge. Okay, so make a habit to like post something whatever you are learning, whatever you are. Whatever experience you have. Okay, that's it. So
Sunny Savita: it's all like, it's similar to the the Instagram and other platform like. So there, what we are doing.
Kunal: Would it be too fast to suppose I learn something new, and I just post it on Linkedin.
Sunny Savita: No. See.
Sunny Savita: you are learning. You are posting. Okay, that's a best way of doing it, because not today. You have learned. Then then, when you will post that after 4, 5 months, or like when so best way, if you're learning something posted that see, I used to the same thing.
Sunny Savita: I created so many videos on my Youtube, you know what was my strategy. I was learning the thing, okay for my interview and for all the for teaching and all. When when I was learning the thing at that time itself for making a concept concrete, I create a video. And because of that, the context was getting a strong concept was also getting strong, and the community are also getting the benefit from that.
Kunal: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So you have to take a same approach while you are learning something. Post that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Kunal: Yeah, sir, suppose for the long, for the long term future perspective, like as I see in my company like should I? On like create like lifetime technologies, or like how one should
Kunal: like how one like, how should I see to switch to other managerial role? I mean.
Sunny Savita: So that comes from the experience. Actually. So once, how much experience you have currently.
Kunal: So 8, 8 plus.
Sunny Savita: Huh? So with 8 plus of experience, you can go ahead with a manager role. And all right. So
Sunny Savita: whenever you have a position in your company, or whenever you got a promotion right, you could be promoted to the manager if you have that capability. If you have shown that those skill. Okay? So in every company there is one hierarchy. So the hierarchy start from very basic right. The principal sorry. The the associate, then principal, then, senior principal. Okay, you can think in such a way that associate, senior associate manager, senior manager, director, senior director, something like that. Right?
Sunny Savita: So whenever the promotion cycle comes. Okay, you can ask to your manager or to your director, or else you can switch your company with a different role. If there is a different role in some other company. Because you can like claim for that role. You can give the interview.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And you can be promoted to the next store. Right? So it comes in the companies. The opportunity come, the promotion cycle comes right. The jobs. Come now, you have to grab that. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Understood.
Kunal: So suppose previously it came data science. Now it came January. So always the technology is continuously evolve, evolving and very fast.
Kunal: Always the same.
Sunny Savita: This? AI. Now, it is nothing, just the extension of that data, science itself. Okay? So when we used to learn the data science, there, actually, we create, we analysis, the data and all everything. And we create the model using the machine learning and the deep learning algorithm agree or not. Right.
Kunal: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Now what we are doing. We are doing some advanced thing over here. Someone has created a model. Now, on top of that, we are doing our engineering, using the rag and agents and all that's it. Okay? So this AI is nothing. It is just an extension of the data science. If you haven't worked on the data science earlier. No worries about that. You can say that. Okay, I did it. I did couple of project one or 2 project. I was involved that now it's full flag working on the AI like a system itself. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Because I, we just we got that kind of requirement now, and everyone is moving to the AI. Everyone of like, I want to be create a AI proven solution. And all, okay, so I'm more focused into the AI. Now, so earlier, I was just did couple of project on Ml, and all. And I had a basic idea of it. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Kunal: Yeah, I mean, sir.
Kunal: I have some doubt of, I think, as you said, I think while experience it will be clear.
Kunal: Yeah.
Kunal: And, sir, in my company, I haven't. I haven't in some interaction with those working on January projects. So they tell that these projects are very short term projects, and client offers for only short, very short term period.
Sunny Savita: That's.
Kunal: So some development is done. They like we have to look for other projects.
Sunny Savita: Every every company. The situation is like this, only, okay. So you have some contract period, 6 month, 8 month. Work for that. Then you will get an export if you're not getting the switch to company. That's it. Okay.
Kunal: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Kunal: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Hold on!
Sanjay: Hello, sir!
Kunal: Okay, sir, thank you. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Sanjay.
Sanjay: Yeah. So last time I was asking regarding that we are building one solutions wherein we are focusing on the multi orchestrations.
Sunny Savita: So.
Sanjay: Where the idea is to know communicate actually, one task one business unit, you know, to other business unit. And they're having their own actually interdependencies. So what you have done is like putting actually bunch of documents or one business unit
Sanjay: that was on the basically with the with the sharepoint actually, kind of things. So so now the thing is that we are using the pre just a prototype. We are using a 3 way framework and try to bind this. No different, actually, task. We are defining the task of one business unit. And what will be the other business unit and 3rd business unit. So so 1 1 will be the main, as you, as you said, actually like as we know the 3 way one will be the router. Another
Sanjay: business unit will be like, like, you know.
Sanjay: that means we can connect actually one one orchestrator. That means which is the main actually manager to the other 2 business units, and they are to delegate the task. So in such scenario, when we are trying to. No
Sanjay: run the framework. What is happening? The tasking is not happening. Okay, it is. It is going to the think mode.
Sanjay: So
Sanjay: I don't know. Why it is happening so how can we debug actually, those issues like, it is getting stuck when you are calling the 3 way functions in passing on those 3. You know. 3, 3 actually agents that we have built on.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sanjay: What could be the what could be the? Because if we see the open AI normally, if you see the open AI that is working. But when we are going with the azure open? AI, I'm not. I'm checked. Actually, the key. Also, key is properly working.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Sanjay: The Azure Openai, whatever the format and all.
Sunny Savita: Let's see, whenever you want to debug this kind of solution. Now in the whenever you are running with a true AI, right? So there itself. You'll find out the debug kind of option just through market. True debug to something like that. Okay, so you will be able to find out what is being passed from one agent to another agent or manually. Also, you can log this thing.
Sunny Savita: So whenever the agentic process happened, there are multiple iteration in between. Okay, if you want to like like the log, all this iteration we can do in a multiple way. We can like, configure the log manual log, or else we can enable the debugging process and all with that.
Sanjay: Yeah, that is actually normally one agencies there, we used to do the verbals.
Sanjay: which is basically to log, actually to showcase that where it is getting stuck. But my! When I run the 1st actually agents, which is Miss Men, the master agents. So it is getting stuck at the thinking it is generating. Actually, the crew is running. The crew function and starters is executing the task. Okay, and is going to the thinking mode. That's where it is getting stopped.
Sanjay: and after that it is getting Llm. Field.
Sanjay: So.
Sunny Savita: Maybe it is overloading with a given task, overwhelming with a given like prompt and all, everything
Sunny Savita: might be the that certain chances. So until, unless we are not looking into that issue, it would be like difficult or debug this kind of thing because it's a more application. Oriented. Okay, just imagine yourself at my position. If you'll ask you the same thing, then what you will say, tell me.
Sanjay: Hmm, hmm.
Sunny Savita: Right? So it is a more application, driven thing. Why, if it is not, if it is going in a thinking mode, I can understand, there are multiple recursion which is happening. Okay, Llm is not able to figure out the correct way to resolving the those query and all. And okay. And it is not able to generate a correct output based on that multiple recursion is happening. And then it is going to be generate error. Okay, so
Sunny Savita: one thing I can suggest you which model you are using.
Sanjay: It is azure opening. 4. Oh.
Sunny Savita: Poro. 4 0 is a good model. Okay. Poro will work. Will work. Well. Okay, with it is having a good reasoning capacity.
Sunny Savita: Don't.
Sunny Savita: But we'll have to like check, or if you can show me some internal detail of it, then maybe I can give you some suggestion. Okay.
Sanjay: So probably. How can I connect with you and know showcase.
Sunny Savita: Here itself. You can show me the application in the next class. Okay? So we can discuss onto it.
Sanjay: Okay? Yeah. So is it like one to one? Or is it like, you have those case here.
Sunny Savita: Doubt, session, itself, doubt, session itself.
Sanjay: Out sessions. Oh, I I have actually now itself, but I don't have it is in the other laptop, actually, not in my personal, because so it is.
Sanjay: That those project actual office project. No, I I didn't actually work on the personal.
Sunny Savita: So just do one thing, just keep some working component in your personal laptop. Okay, working remote means the the main heart of the entire application the 2 way authentic and all just mop that somewhere. Okay, in your personal laptop. So that will be as a separate project with you. Okay, later on. You can like, whenever you are going to be mentioning, resume and going to be explained to someone you can that can take a help of it.
Sunny Savita: And you can show me that as well. Okay, so for the entire, you can, you can work on that working component of the mock up part, and later on you can show you want them.
Sanjay: Yeah. One case, actually, I was thinking, like, you know, how can we? Know? That was actually kind of a business function? Suppose we are defining how it is defining, we are defining the task. And we're in normally in the crew, what we are doing, we are creating actually, the role, actually, what is the role and other things
Sanjay: the role goal and the other things. So now, if we are so basically, we are focusing on 2 things. One is the orchestration part meaning 1. 1 agent has to communicate with the other, and second is the rack part. Actually.
Sanjay: So when you mix the complete rack part will tell about each. Orchestration is happening between one business function to other business functions, and that is talking between each other, and the rack part will tell about the each business functions has its own volume of databases, but that means volume of task or documents.
Sanjay: So when it is trying to search. Actually, when the user is querying, it is going to that. Actually, first, st you know, business functions and trying to search the relevant. Actually no query and trying to correlate to the next business function which has a different stack of documents. Okay, it will try to extrapolate from that, and they will talk within each other, and it will give the response. So that is what? So? So I what the idea was
Sanjay: to 1st orchestrate being the orchestration into clarity. How it is working! Then put a rag on top of that is that my approach is fine.
Sunny Savita: Both.
Sunny Savita: I lost you basically.
Sanjay: No, no.
Sunny Savita: See, we'll discuss once. Okay, just create one flow chart and let's mock up the component. Okay, you can see. One more person I yesterday discuss right? One project. Prahas. Right? So if you remember, he created that workflow, the entire workflow of their solution, whatever he is trying to create. Okay? So in the same way, basically, you can do that.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it we can think something. Got it.
Sanjay: Okay, okay, yeah, okay, fine.
Sanjay: So any any click, any
Sanjay: actually from your your side, you, you have developed any such
Sanjay: here or your Youtube videos or Chris, videos. Actually, if anything is there.
Sunny Savita: Regarding what through yearly.
Sanjay: Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Sunny Savita: Over the crystal channel. We'll find out regarding Korea.
Sanjay: Yeah, I oh, yeah, I found, actually. But my case is little complex. Actually. So that is the reason.
Sunny Savita: Real time. Solution is always complex, sir. So
Sunny Savita: and all, you will just get a overview or the basic understanding of it. Okay.
Sanjay: Yeah.
Sanjay: correct. Correct. No issue. We'll we'll I will try to know emulate, actually that code base. And according to all. And then we can discuss, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Sure, sure, sure. Thank you.
Sanjay: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. So I think I can close the session now. Thank you very much for joining the session. We'll meet you in the next session. Bye.